0	try to call panasonic customer service @ 1-800-973-4264 and tell them you have question about your camcorder first . panasonic service is the worst one in this world .
0	this is the same unit that hp sells , but has lite on do its support . great unit for about a month . support is not good .
1	frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
1	this was my first yoga cd and i found it amazing ... i 'm addicted to it . i still cant tell whether its challenging for advanced yogis but as a beginner i really enjoyed it ... . it does not have all that gibberish spiritual blab on one extreme nor power yoga that seems to really be pseudoyoga on the other extreme .. however this cd is just clear and to the point with good instruction excellent demonstration and fantastic sound tracks ... . eric 's voice is soothing the instructions are clear and the crew is great . the length is convenient 45 minutes and music is hypnotic . the more i use it the more i feel stronger increase flexibility , breathe more calmly and improve my posture.. in other words dont hesitate just get it ! ! ! ! !
0	beware , the size is not true size fit my small turn out to be something that fits like a large from some other brands . this is not a small , it 's loose fitting and it 's a straight line cut . it 's really bad.it 's so disappointing . everything doesnt holds in places , it doesnt look like the photo at all . the materials is nice but the fittting is beyond horrid . dont buy this dress unless you are really curvy , and if you are a medium , you need a small for this dress , and it will still fit loosly on you . that 's how big of a dress this is . i 'm returning it
1	thes item is gretes item i used befoer for these prise ! ! yes is true is very clear optics , you can see in total darknes about 350 m it 's agood rand , price and qulity .
1	as the name implies , this is about the elements of programming style . the examples are a bit dated ( old languages , not c/c++/java/the-next-great-language ) . but this is n't a *language* programming book , it is about how to write good programs in any language
1	great price , free shipping ... .basically ... i love it ! ! i placed my order on sunday and got it 8:00 a.m. tuesday morning ... i highly recommend this seller ... i will definitely continue to buy from this seller myself..
1	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
0	very short game , took about 2 hours to finish it ( took a lot longer than that for the junk steam system to activate it , because as always their `` system is unavailable , please try again later '' - took around six hours and 10 attempts before it was playable , and definately it will be the last steaming product i buy ) . as to the game , you get 3 weapons and pretty much one set of scenary . gameplay was average for a shooter . it seems `` episodes '' basically translates to `` really short game , which just randomly ends leaving you wondering if you missed something '' .
0	i got this humidifer for my daughter 's bedroom . she loved the big apple but it only ran for about one hour at a time , then automatically shut off . tried all the troubleshooting suggestions to no avail . i had to return it . however , i did buy the penguin shape for my 2nd daughter 's room and that one works great .
1	i am very pleased with this rack . the only thing i do not like is that to install the rack you have to hand tighten it to your roof rack . i would have thought they would have a quick release latch or something . i guess i 'm just lazy . i reccoment this product
0	i had the complete opposite experience with this workout than did the previous reviewer . the combination of doing upper and lower body exercises simultaneously caused my heartrate to soar which caused symptoms of overtraining . many people love this video but i just had a bad experience with it
1	the boots arrived packaged in their original packaging and individually wrapped inside . these boots will never disappoint ... they are fun , warm , comfy and stylish ! dont forget to spray with silicon before taking them out
1	doctor who materialised without his tardis on this , my first timelord download in the amazon unbox , which is much larger on the inside than it appears on the outside . for a very reasonable sum , $ 1.99 , my family and i were able to enjoy the first third doctor adventure after his regeneration , where he encounters the nestene conciousness . the down load took only a few minutes although i had some considerable difficulty installing the microsoft program . thanks to the good people at amazon tech support i was able to obtain an alternative download from the gates empire itself which allowed me to enjoy our rental . a great experience and will not be the last . easy to navigate and fun for all the family . someone should tell the timelords on gallifrey about unbox and perhaps they could get rid of all the old type 40 tardis '
0	this strap is thinner than those used in yoga classes . it is sharp on the arch when held there for poses . i would not purchase another one .
1	i watched 7 out of 8 episodes in two days . it may be educational for people who did n't know much about it , but if you are somewhat familiar with the topics , this documentary film did n't offer much more
0	i saw an advertisement for this toy on the tv . i was shocked that they were still selling it ! years ago , my young son got his arm trapped inside the hole where the balls come out . we had called playskool and they had us return it to the store and they sent us a free 'i 'm sorry ' gift . the one pictured on amazon is the dangerous one that many kids have gotten their arms stuck in . if you look on the playskool website , they have a newer version which offers a cover over the hole where kids like to stick their little paws . be sure you get the newer version ! it is a super cute toy , and i am glad they have fixed the problem so many have had
0	more than human is one of those books that has garnered high praise from the science fiction community because of its strong prose and original ideas . the writing is often compared to that of faulkner but i would n't make that connection having read a few of faulkner 's works . sturgeon uses many of faulkner 's narrative trademarks ( i.e . streaming conscious , first person perspective of low iq individuals , disorienting changes in first person narrative ) but i did n't feel the net effect really compared to say something like as i lay dying . i love science fiction books and the readers in general love the genre which is why they want it to be taken seriously . this results in undue adulation and comparisons to mainstream books . more than human is slow , dated and not what i would describe as genre transcending nor would i recommend it to others . so the idea might of been original in the 50 's but topics like telekenesis , esp , computer-brain babies , and self produced morality and ethos have all been tackled more successfully in other science fiction classics before ( asimov ) and since . this book rarely set off that wow ! button in my head or kept me turning pages . this book simply did not have enough meat in it to make it anything more than mediocre at best . in 1953 there were 5 hugo award nominees for best science fiction book ( determined in a retro hugo award ballot in 2004 ) the retro hugo awards are fascinating because the voting ( in this example ) takes place 50 years later so the impact of the book on society ca n't really be ignored . besides more than human , the far superior the caves of steel , childhood 's end , and farenheit 451 were among the other entries in a banner year for classic sci-fi . needless to say , more than human did not win ( farenheit 451 did and rightfully so ) bottom line : i wanted to like this book and it does n't surprise me that others give it such high praise . these are probably people that do n't read other genres enjoy congratulatory wankfests
1	playboy magazine , while luring people to open the cover with promises of female flesh , consistently has excellent articles focusing on issues of civil rights , civil liberties , and the defense of them all . trancending partisanship , playboy is a beacon of stewardship over the rights we all take for granted daily . and the pictures are nice
1	stick to singing in spanish , shak
1	the plastic side mounts ( 4 ) appear to be solid and not flimsy . i replaced the 12 supplied screws with actual stainless steel ones , ( you know , since this is going on a boat ! ) but at least the hooks to attach the cooler are stainless . the package says `` includes all stainless mounting fasteners '' so i guess that means hooks only . the supplied screws are not even galvanized . so if you plan to affix these mounts permanently to a boat , go get stainless screws that are also 1/2 '' longer than the ones provided . all in all it 's a nice kit but a little pricey for what you get
1	this is what you want , '' top of the line '' never get lost again no more spat with your friends , or others . just get the magellan and you are on your way . everyone should have one
1	my friend was very happy with them . they are very good quality , and they fit him for the most part . the only issue we had was the length of the arms . they were a little too long . other than that , we were pleased . they got here in time for christmas , and they were just what he wanted
1	i have really bad luck with head sets ( i dropped a vise on my last set , really ) these are really well built headphones , it always seems to be the mic or the volume control that goes bad , but on this head set they are all separate so if any one goes out then you still have a good head set . they can get very loud and not crack , exceptional base , and mic is very very clear . they are light but feel solid , although i have not put them to the vise test they seem you be strong . i have very big ears that is one of the reasons i bought this head set , it is very comfortable . the only thing i do n't like is that they do not block very much sound because there are holes behind the ear cups , but maybe it help keep your ears cool , maybe . i really give them 4 1/2 stars . i paid about $ 90 for them and i have no regrets . so if you want a head set to use is a relatively quit environment these are good but if not go for the sony mdr-300/mdr-400 they do n't have mics but good headphones . hope this helped , good luck
1	my grandparents bought me this for christmas and i really love it ! the doll is absolutely breathtaking , and she has honey blond hair with golden highlights . her eyes are a deep blue green color , and she is very pretty overall . the closet she comes with is very cute , and i can put barbie shirts and skirts on the little hangers ! there is a lot of room for shoes and purses and hair accessories , i love this toy
1	interesting . i never knew there were so many varities of garlic and onions . i 'll be growing some next year
1	this review has been written by someone who has read it  ( several times )  and knows what they are talking about !  .  firstly i have read others comments and noticed that some of the objections were really quite stupid .  people who have read the book and other jane austens or for that matter any good book ,  will know that sticking to the book is vital you have to trust an author with what they do .  if the viewer does not like it because it sticks to the book well it shows they do not understand jane austen and obviously are not a true fan .   firstly if the viewer truly loved the book or jane austen in general ,  watching it for four hours should not prove difficult .  secondly ,  their society did care a lot for looks and so big ,  fancy hair styles would show off how rich you were ,  which in their day was a key factor for getting along in  " good "  society .  i have to confess the female costumes were not brilliant but there were only a few bad ones and the males made up for it ,  also this prejudice for the naval men not in their uniform is in nice words very silly !  ,  today people do not go out with their uniform away from school or work because they have casual clothes and it was just the same in the 19th century .  also as it goes the acting is very good ,  it is subtle because that is how jayne austen writes !  and the scene at the end is beautiful .  you can not compare the filming to that of the 1995 version as technology has improved so much since them it is ridiculous to compare them in that .  the actress who plays ann is too old but her air of acting and how she does it makes up for it .   people seem to prefer the 1995 version for some reason that i can not comprehend !  .  it does not stick to the book at all and so is flat ,  the ending is sentimental ,  they change major scenes ,  the only good actors are the leads and they i give you did a good job for what was given to them .  obviously the people who really ,  really like it are  ( i am sorry )  stupid as they do not understand persuasion and so need it to be overdone .  the 1971 version is beautiful ,  romantic ,  was written by an excellent script writer  ( same who did inspector morse )  ,  had very good actors and really it is a film you can watch many times and during each you can be delighted with it .
1	i purchased this cd after reading one of the reviews . i have another streetwize cd that i love , but i was a litter weary about getting this one ( jazz meets dre and all ) . but i am glad i made the purchase , as i am thoroughly enjoying it
1	our book club read this book for our february 2006 selection . it was a really good book , we were all excited about discussing it . mr. johnson sent us discussion questions that really made us think . a few members felt that denmark never loved sierra but saw her more as property . the book definitely has some suprises that you do n't see coming . we really enjoyed the book . sistahs of ebony pages
0	the unit is hefty and nice looking but that is about all nice i can say about it . the grind was no better than from the $ 20 burr mill it was replacing . on the third use the motor burned up . i also had problems with it making a mess when removing the jar -- such a defect should never have left the factory since it is so obvious
0	i went into this a pretty big golden smog fan eager for a new effort from the guys . with tweedy 's songwriting having taken a great upward swing in recent years and with louris ' departure from the jayhawks , i was hoping we 'd see a few more tweedy gems and some great tunes from the past few years since louris ' `` rainy day music '' was released . now , while there are some really good songs here , nothing really comes close to the `` red-headed stepchilds , '' `` radio kings , '' or `` jennifer save mes . '' the album lacks something but i ca n't put my finger on it . it almost sounds like a band that has too much focus . considering golden smog started as a buncha musician friends sitting around , drinking beer , and goofing off , this album feels wrong . it does n't have that sing-along feel ( with the exception of possibly one or two songs ) that the first couple albums ( and even ep ) had . just a little lackluster and , considering the amount of louris has his hand in on this one , almost comes off as an album of jayhawks throw-aways
0	i love water filters , this perhaps is my third , first was a brita , gave to family member years ago and it is still in use , went on to faucet style but prefer pitchers , then to this ultra . this pitcher leaks , i suspect it is the style , leak is not big-time , but pitcher will have to be replaced wayyyy too soon in a household where there is no rough treatment of kitchen items . i am not happy . elain
0	i grind beans for my coffee every morning . i was using a krups grinder and decided to switch to this quieter grinder ... sold the old grinder in a garage sale . i do regret buying this grinder . it is loud and takes 30 seconds to grind instead of 10 . my main complaint is that it is messy . the grounds stick to the sides and bottom and i have to smack it several times to get all the coffee out . i am tempted to purchase another krups before i break this one by beating the grounds out of it . also , coffee grounds are everywhere , i always have to use a cloth to clean up . not a good buy
1	if you want a magazine based on fashion but merged with stories and interviews of top celebrities , then w magazine is perfect for you . this large magazine is not only interesting , but beautiful . it has pages and pages of high quality , remarkable photos . not to mention tons of beautiful fashion ads . if you live for fashion , or if you simply admire it ; you will get latched onto w. celebrities such as kate moss , mary kate olsen lindsay lohan have graced the cover of this magazine . pick it up even if you 're the slighest bit interested . you wo n't be disappointed
0	the product is flimsy , the step is too close to the toilet to be practical for a child to step up on , the deflector is not tall enough to deflect any urine , and the seat is too large for a toddler . my child does not feel comfortable using this potty
1	this cd was beautifully sung by the cambridge singers , a boys/mens choir , mostly a ' capela . it 's the first christmas cd i 've bought that really tempts me to crank up the volume so i can revel in every note
0	i 've had this camera for 2 years and i am glad that it broke so i can ( in good conscious ) buy a new camera . it is so slow that it is impossible to catch anything but the back of my kids heads as they run away because they got tired of saying `` cheese '' . i always thought the battery life was sufficient , and that the quality of the images was fine , but i hardly got good shots because of how slow the camera was . i 'd put the shoot button and it would take about 2 seconds before the camera would click . i actually sent it back to the manufacturer thinking there was something wrong with it , but they said it was functioning normally . it was probably the most disappointing $ 200 purchase i 've made
0	why ? why waste your time and money on producing crap ? sony execs must be out of their minds . the ghostbuster fans have been waiting years , and writing countless petitions to get the episodes on dvd , and this is what they come up with ? no . give us season dvds . give us a 140 episode box set . give us something . not 4 non-sequential episodes on a disc that can hold many times that . what a waste . this product gets 1 star because , apparently , you ca n't give it zero
1	when this album first came out , i felt jilted . but i recently had an oppertunity to listen to it for what it is and i think its a great album . make no mistake , if you 're a die-hard 80 's rocker , you 'll hate this album . the production is raw , and the songwriting is lean and mean as opposed to elaberate and detailed . but that does n't mean that the musicianship is lacking on this record . if you can keep an open mind , i think this ablum is one that you 'll love
0	i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting
1	i am extremely pleased with the anolon cookware set . it cooks evenly and cleans up beautifully . many of my friends recommended this set and i 'm glad to have taken their advice and made the purchase
1	the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
1	golf digest is the best magazine , covers great players , have standard lessons from top golf teachers and schools and allways very useful tips . however , it only has one thing against ... too much advertising or too many advertisers ! !
0	i 'm not certain why there are so many glowing reviews for this product . my wife registered for this item because the 4 stage tub looked good in theory . unfortunately , because of the collapsible design this `` bath '' tub does not hold water , it just runs out of the seam where the two sides come together . there is a foam gasket around the seam that is intended to hold the water in , but it is useless . the sling is useful for bathing an infant , and the removable ring does it 's job of keeping an infant upright while learning to sit . unfortunately , by the time our infant was ready to sit we had already replaced this piece of junk . i guess they call it safety 1st as your kid ca n't drown in a dry bath tub
1	this dvd is great . it brings back all the memories of the holidays as a young child . it is hard to catch these shows on tv as they only air once during the holiday season . my daughters love them and i love seeing their reaction to the shows . good buy
0	i 'm a big mann fan , and i even enjoy his not very good non noir or western films , thunder bay for instance . a great director , but this one stinks . i ca n't even get up the enthusiasm to criticise i
0	i received this 2cd set in the mail and was horrified at the sound quality of the so called `` mastering '' . i have original un-mastered copies of some reo speedwagon albums that sound better than this set ! i love reo to death and the track listing is good to go , but in all honesty , this compilation falls flat on its face in regards to sound quality . the band seriously needs to find a good remasterer and give the fans what they have been waiting for . i can not recommend any previous greatest hits releases that even come close . save your money and wait
0	the straightener works ok . it straightens my hair better when it is dry . i have very course hair . i still had to blow dry it to get it to straighten out , and go over it a few times to really make it straight . the remington is to thick , so you can not style the hair at all with it . the worst part about this particular straightener is when i leave it plugged in and have it shut off it keeps making a beeping sound ? ? i have to unplug it to make it stop . i just bought a chai straightner for about three times the cost of this , it is only 1 inch thick so it styles the hair very nice , but it straightens my hair the same as the remington . i have only had it a few weeks , so i am intrested to see if the chai causes less damage as it claims then other straighteners
1	doctor who materialised without his tardis on this , my first timelord download in the amazon unbox , which is much larger on the inside than it appears on the outside . for a very reasonable sum , $ 1.99 , my family and i were able to enjoy the first third doctor adventure after his regeneration , where he encounters the nestene conciousness . the down load took only a few minutes although i had some considerable difficulty installing the microsoft program . thanks to the good people at amazon tech support i was able to obtain an alternative download from the gates empire itself which allowed me to enjoy our rental . a great experience and will not be the last . easy to navigate and fun for all the family . someone should tell the timelords on gallifrey about unbox and perhaps they could get rid of all the old type 40 tardis '
1	i used this to get marks off my washer and dryer and then went on to clean the rest of the house ! this little `` sponge '' is awesome , and it is just like a sponge ; it 's not abrasive . the only problem i see with it ( and all cleaning products ) is that you actually have to use it for it to work ; lol
0	the frother works well as others have said . unfortunately , it broke very easily when i dropped it into the sink while cleaning . i 've only had it 3 or 4 months but did not save any warranty info . this device needs to be made stronger to withstand normal kitchen events
1	this program does what it says . it does limit you to only 3 loadings of the product on your computer , so if you have more than 3 computers you have to buy another program
1	first off , let me start by saying that i really like my summit watch . it is large ( some may go so far to call it huge ) but it is surprisingly lightweight on my wrist , and quite comfortable to wear . those with bad eyesight will still be able to see the easy-to-read digital readout of the time , barometric pressure , altitude and compass . the numbers are quite big , so they are difficult to miss . the altitude reading measures in increments of +/- 1 foot , which is about as good as you can get . i like that . but what i really like about the highgear watches that i have n't seen in other brands which offer similar features , is the visual image on the face of the watch telling you what the weather conditions are or will be . no kidding , this watch will actually show you whether or not it is sunny , partly cloudy , or raining . pretty dang nifty if you ask me . the barometric pressure reading is only a small part of predicting the weather , however after months of use , i have to say that my little watch is way more accurate than my local tv weatherman . i 'd say somewhere around 75 % of the time what my watch says is exactly what the conditions actually are . not bad . it 's a feature i would very much like to have on my suunto and casio models with similar functions . until then , i 'll rely on my trusty ( and much cheaper ) highgear summit . if you are considering making the purchase of a wrist watch that offers the digital compass , altitude and barometer functions , before making that specific buy , do some homework and wherever possible , seek out a store where you can actually see the watches in person . being able to guess the size of a particular model using a picture on the computer can possibly mess up your purchase . find the best price , and pull the model out and actually try it on before you buy . for me , the highgear summit was a good purchase -- however if you would rather enjoy these same functions but in a smaller package , try the highgear axis , or possibly the more stylish but much more compact ( and way more expensive ) suunto observer . either way , doing a little homework will pay off in the end . happy hiking and i hope this helps you in your efforts to buy the right product . good luck
0	this pan was a bargain that turned out to be overpriced . i have a number of farberware pans that have served me well , but this one came out of the box warped . the first time i put it on the range top it was rocking like crazy , with only one strip through the center that made contact . i could return it , but for $ 10 it is not worth the argument with amazon about restocking fees . so after one use it is now washed and packed up in the goodwill box . i would never use it again .
1	price is excellent . no problems but i falls below a 5 star due to product lacking higher quality materials .
1	learn to play chess with fritz and chesster 2 , continues where the first cd left off . like the first cd , this program may take some guessing regarding what exactly is one supposed to do , and clicking on the crown in the upper right corner helps to navigate through the game . this program is really good for grasping the basic tactics and strategies because your progress is measured and you have to develop certain skill proficiency before moving to higher level and learning more tactics and strategies . the cd covers some popular opening moves , middle game tactics like pins , forks , skewers and deflection , and mating strategies in end game . with practice on this cd , you can begin to win some games , and then move on to learn to play chess with fritz and chesster 3 , which is out in german , and is supposed to be out soon in english
1	super comfortable . provides great support/coverage . love the front zipper . no fighting to get over your head .
1	a true musical genius . take a blow get a zyr voduski and snapple lemonade and let the music cover you up . powerplus from the 70 's and 80 's . tight lyrics and pop masterpiece arangements . go todd go
1	this is great . i measured before i put it on after . i lost over 2 inches . i highly recommend this
0	another tired story about the blackman as the horrible villian and the blackwoman as the innocent victim ... and we wonder why our community has so many problems..maybe it 's because of attitudes that are based on fantasy like this film and some other films ... '' color purple '' , `` for colored girls ... . '' etc . we need to stop the finger pointing a realize that liberation can only occur if we `` work together '' ... that means blackmen and blackwomen..
0	[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
1	this is the second generation of this software i have owned . it is a great navagation tool , better than most online sites and can be used in the car . i marvel at how up to date the roads shown are because in the lexington , kentucky area we have had a lot of new growth , with new streets and roads . the software contains a lot of good eating and lodging places already placed on the map , so you do n't have to do a separate search to find a place to eat or spend the night . major points of interest are also on the map
1	you do n't have to be a fan of `` old '' hollywood to enjoy this wonderful book about a famous restaurant and its even more famous clientele . fascinating stories accompanied by wonderful pictures . this is only enhanced by the actual recipes of this great restaurant . a wonderful coffee table book that will start conversations about movies , movie stars and great food
1	all the right elements seemed to conspire here to make this a memorable thriller for years to come .  you have the stellar cast - michael douglas in an uncharacteristic 'free-spirit' role that pretty much launched his movie career ,  fonda playing her typical forthright female doing her bit for womens lib ,  and jack lemmon as assured as ever showing us a man with a crisis of confidence .  give them a hot-button topic about big business being duplicitous ,  and that's encouraging for a kickoff ,  but to have life imitating art so soon after is a marketing man's dream .   the script is impressively taut ,  intelligent but mercifully keeping the jargon to a minimum ,  and there is a genuine sense of sustained tension brought in play by the director as our three protagonists race to beat the clock .  if you like 'whistle blowing' dramas ,  then this is not quite as good as  " the insider "  ,  but the whole thing is more than nervy enough .
0	this show reminds me of an episode of  " the simpsons ,  "  where smithers had just been fired by mr .  burns and was forced to live a miserable life being unemployed .  all he did to while the way the hours was to drink and watch comedy central .  the implication was that comedy central was a pathetic tv channel for miserable people with nothing else to occupy their time .   " mind of mencia "  is slightly better than most of comedy central's programming ,  but it still serves as an example of why this channel is low-quality filler for people with absolutely no lives .    truth be told ,  mencia is a fairly competent comedian who throws out trite ,  soft-ball ethnic jokes and cashes in on bland stereotypes of people based on their race ,  gender ,  or economic status ,  or a combination of two out of three of these characteristics .  if you've heard one of these jokes by one of your friends at a bar or at work ,  believe me ,  you've heard what passes as comedy on  " mind of mencia .  "  carlos also tries to make fun of current events ,  but lacks creativity or originality .  this is not to say that carlos is a washout all the time .  i found some of his skits amusing ,  such as his rap video portrayal as an oil sheik .  if you find bland ,  run-of-the-mill comedy up your alley ,  you'll probably enjoy  " mind of mencia .  "  for those people who are tired of repetitive ,  pedestrian comedians trotting out the same old time-worn jokes ,  stay away .
1	i started reading the economist after a recommendation from a professor during my undergrad years . that was 9 years ago . reason blended with wit and intelligence , the articles in the economist are a perfect antidote to the often insipid stuff put out by conventional newspapers . once i get my weekly edition , you could n't blow-torch it out of my hands ( my wife has tried ) . the economist is one of the few newspapers that has consistently defended the classical liberal perspective . free markets , civil liberties , and skepticism of those in power . in my opinion , it has no competitors . i could n't rate it highly enough
1	i never thought the world would get here . i am actually spending time to type up a review , online , for shaving lotion . well , here you go : for every man out there who is interested and who has ever used an electric shaver , if you have n't tried the norelco cool skin electric shaver with this lotion , you have to . whoever has sensitive skin , you need to switch to this , because it does a great job . that 's all i have to say and i wo n't waste anymore time
1	this scale was easy to understand and measures the same as my doctors office . easy to monitor weight and fat
0	this lame program is completely limiting . you can not even type in your own text . you are supposed to use the few quotes they want you to use . it is not at all user friendly either . i am so sorry i purchased this
1	it 's impossible to like all of country music , but randy travis is liked by even those who do n't like country music . from 1986 and through the 90 's he was always on top or near the top of the country charts . his calm , nasal drawl reminds me a bit of lefty frizell , but there 's no mistaking his unique style . these are some of the best recordings in the history of country music including digging up bones , forever and ever , amen , too gone too long , is it still over ? , hard rock bottom of your heart etc . randy had 16 no . 1 's on the country charts . there are 20 cuts here . if you only want one cd with all his greatest hits this is your logical choice . by the way , the sound from rhino is bright and punchy and the booklet features dates , neat pixs , and peak positions . you 've got a winner for life with this one !
0	i purchased this took and then found that it was just a reprint from several decades ag
1	the scooter is fine . the post office lost the package , though . i called the company and they told me they would issue a refund only after so many days/weeks , and would not send a replacement unless i was willing to pay for it in advance . i opted to purchase another one through a different company that used ups instead of usps ( more reliable shipping ) . several days later the first scooter arrived , three weeks late . the cost to return it was high enough that it made more sense to just keep it . so , now i have two and only needed one . i realize usps is at fault for the shipping , but a better action plan from the seller could have resolved this quicker . the scooter was a present for a birthday . i ordered in plenty of time to receive prior , but ended up with a very late present
0	my friend got this toy for me saying it was the best , and because i 'm a dancer . when i opened it , the doll 's head fell off and when i dropped it , it broke . i suggest instead going to a real studio , because this was a waste of my friends money .
0	i received the wrong size originally . the company was prompt in sending me another dress , however , i received a third dress which i refused by mail and i am trying to get my credit card adjusted . the dress is lovely
1	after reading the horror stories of the assembly process/instructions i was a little worried . myself and my 12 yr old daughter put it together in about 3 hrs without issue . all parts were included , instructions were clear , she did the step check off 's the base took 400lbs of sand vs the 375lbs stated in the instruction
0	the ad and description clearly state that it includes both a receiver and transmitter . i received only a receiver . this is false advertising and is patently illegal . they ought to be ashamed of themrselves
0	i think ms hewitt misses the mark , yes for an actress turned singer she 's ok and its more her acting clout that has landed her this record deal and not her talent as a singer ... would someone off the street with the same looks and musical level get a record deal ? i think not ... same goes for the other latin jennifer..
1	this is the only political magazine i will read . it is a great read if one is a conservative , but someone with liberal ideas may not care for it
0	not a good copy of this great movie . i 'd wait and buy the `` restored authorized edition . '' even though i bought this version , i 've ordered the other . that 's how much i like metropolis is general
1	this battery for my cannon camera is a great little `` back up '' battery . my camera came with a cannon battery and charging unit . the replacement cannon battery sells for over $ 40.00 so purchasing this cta battery at less than $ 10.00 is a very good choice .
1	i really like this -- it takes what seems like no time to read the temperature
0	i would not recommend this product for anyone over 3 1/2 years ( unless small for their age ) . my 4 yr old son ( 36lbs ) got it for his birthday , and broke the steering wheel within 10 minutes . there is plenty of room for him on the seat and inside the car , but its been `` parked '' since broken . i wish we would have spent the money on something that would have lasted . the plastic seems cheaply made . the voice buttons and noises are loud and work well . stickers have already started to flake/peel off after 1 month . consider a bigwheel
0	`` modigliani '' ( 2004 ) is a self-indulgent , pretentious and largely fictional portrait of a tragic artist . writer-director mick davis goes overboard on the symbolism while revealing precious little about the man and his work . ironically , the viewer has a better understanding of pablo picasso than amedeo modigliani . despite his boundless enthusiasm , andy garcia is simply too old for the title role . an irritating fiasco that deserved its straight-to-video fate
0	 "  while sporadically engrossing  ( including a few effectively tender moments )  and humorous ,  the sledgehammer-obvious satire 'homecoming' hinges on comes off as forced and ultimately unfulfilling .  with material like this ,  timing is everything  ( michael moore knew to release  " fahrenheit 9/11 "  before the 2004 elections )  ,  and the real tragedy of dante's film is that it didn't come out 2 years ago ,  when its message would have carried an energy that would have energized the dissidents further .  in 2006 ,  mockery of the well-settled bush administration hardly seems as controversially compelling  ( or imperiled )  as it did then .  "   frankly anyone that could be convinced of anything by a ham fisted zombie flick has questionable intelligence .    and if you didn't notice ,  michael moore didn't exactly help to defeat bush .   there was nothing engrossing about this film .  i just felt disgust at how blatant and frankly stupid the film was ,  it was painful to watch .  if you are going to do something like this you need a bit of wit .  sadly this has none .  a poorly done satire actually has the opposite of its intended effect .  as they say ,  with friends like these who needs enemies .
0	i only have the turtle and the fishing net . turtle : the turtle was used for about 5 months while my nephew stayed with me and then was put up until my new baby would be able to use it . i dryed out all of the bath toys and they were stored in an open air toy bin for about 6 months . i finally felt my daughter was ready for toys in the bath and put the turtle in the water and noticed black stuff floating in the water . there was mold/mildew growing inside of the turtle . i tried washing it with bleach water , but more kept coming out even after repeated washings . i finally just gave up and threw it out . i had several other squirt toys stored with the turtle and none of them had the same problem . fish net : the paint on the fish net is peeling off after only 5 months use . the fish themselves are fine .
1	in all the talk about education issues these days , it 's easy to forget that what 's really important is the relationship , the energy , between students and teacher . when the teacher closes his door and is face-to-face with thirty kids -- that 's where it 's at . it 's not test scores or textbooks or innovative curriculum -- it 's what happens between people in a classroom . this book shows that dynamic relationship between eager , active kids and a caring , active teacher . it 's not all pleasant , and successes are sometimes small , but a pervasive caring underlies it all . as a teacher , this book reminded me that sometimes the best thing i can do for my kids is to leave all that paperwork , go for a walk , go to bed early so i can be there for them the next day
0	this monitor did n't work for us at all ! we heard a lot of static , and the alarm would go off too . it would n't work anywhere in my livingroom or kitchen . the alarm was always going off .
1	the thule sidekick was the perfect size - not too big , not too small . it did not appear clunky-big on top of the car , nor was it too small to fit anything in . the assembly was a snap ( did it with only one person - no problem ) . it withstood freeway speeds in oregon rain without even letting a drop of moisture into the box . highly recommended
1	my 3 year old opened this for christmas and loved it . who would have guessed that this little car would have been a bigger hit than a lot of the more expensive things he was given ! it does n't get stuck on any surface that we 've tried it on and drives right over things in its path , which my son thinks is really cool ! great toy for a relatively inexpensive price
1	bought this primarily for my tivo set , so i could transfer and burn dvd 's from my tivo box . once i hooked up my mac g5 to the tivo box , toast worked perfectly . easy interface , fast transfer , easy to burn . it 's nice to know that tivo supports mac . a great product ! !
1	the high price is predominately due to the shipping costs as this magazine is produced in the united kingdom . a subscription over there runs about twenty bucks . however , even with the added expense to get this delivered stateside , icreate is a great looking magazine with excellent editorials . top-notch magazine and highly recommended . just wish imagine publishing would recognize the potential of this product and start producing this , as-well-as a few other of their excellent magazines , here in the states
1	i bought this for my mother ... she loves it ! its easy for her to use and the screen is large enough for her to view . the print quality is excellent . i got more ( merchandise and quality ) with this hp brand than i would had with any other brand . the price was excellent too . good job hewlett packard for making me a `` smart '' person
1	i just received these and popped 'em in and i 'm listening to mp3s on my pc . at first , one of sides was really weak in volume . in the process of testing the balance in my software , i accidentally cranked up the volume way to high for these guys , but that apparently did the trick . now both are equal , and sound good . there is decent bass , but the highs are a bit soft . a quick tweak to my equalizer , and they 're great . after reading several of the reviews on amazon , i was a bit worried about the sound , but now that i have them i 'm very happy . they 're a good price , and sooooo much better than the little ipod-like earbuds i 've tried before . those never stayed in my ear , and the bass never made me happy . summary : these jbuds stay in my ear , have good sound ( not great , but i think good for $ 20 ) , and have equal length cords from each ear
1	its definitely a practical way to carry the essentials for a baby or a kid or whatever .
0	i am very dissapointed with this dualdisc , because there is no comment ( worning ) about dvd region protection . what can i do with this disc - region 1 , in europe ( region 2 ) ? my message for sony corporation is : `` this format will not exist for long with dvd region protection ! sorry. '' . my first , and last dualdisc . back to the sacd
0	the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition
0	cases very cheaply made . break when opening . not worth shipping cost waste of money
1	i always love it when prevention release another workout because i get bored easy and i like to mix workouts up . i 've loved all of the other prevention workouts and knew i 'd love this too . chris freytag leads again and does another superb job . there are two aerobic routines and five targeted toning workouts . the dvd is programmable so you can do them in any order and do as many or as little as you want . that 's a big plus so you do n't get bored or pushed for time . you can choose whether you need to lose weight or just firm up etc . if , for example , you pick that you need to lose weight , there is a six day week with the routines mapped out for you already . that is so helpful . the moves are all basic no frills moves , but they are effective . the first cardio section is low impact and the second is a variety of low and higher impact moves making it just that little bit harder . the body parts are all the ones you want to workout ; arms , butt , abs and thighs . all you really need for this dvd is dumbells and a lot of energy . this is so easy to do due to the programming , so there really is no excuse for not working out . this can be done by practically anyone . i also love how the other two girls exercising as well , are n't the kinds that yell and shout etc . they are as professional as chris
0	all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
0	even though i am not a sophia loren fan , i thoroughly enjoyed her perfomance in these 3 different short stories about 3 totally different women . anyone born before 1940 should enjoy them as well
1	a must-have for all info junkies . from the bizarre to the informative , the diligent crew at mental_floss never ceases to dredge up something interesting . be the life of the cocktail party , be a mental_flosser
0	this diaper pail is certainly the worst i have used . it works ok for about a week and by the end of that first week i was ready to get a new diaper pail . it does not keep oders in much at all , and i do n't even put poopy diapers in it . after about a week the springs started constantly falling off of the thing inside that supposedly keeps the bag closed and the oder out so it does n't do any good . yes , a plus is the using regular bags , but so does the diaper champ and it also keeps oders in much better than this . i 'm definitely going back to the diaper champ ; i only bought this one because it was the only one at my store , now i know it was worth the wait for the diaper champ in the mail
1	i especially like this product for traveling and sitting in waiting rooms . my only complaint is that you have to hold it just right to see the puzzle clearly on the screen . it has a contrast adjustment , but it not very helpful . it also has a lighted screen option which is not very good either . a great improvement would be a screen with greater contrast .
1	the film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
1	small and compact . let me see everyting i wanted to
0	loses grip on can and the can slips off ... bad product . do not buy
0	i would like to know what kind of a wuss needs to use a stradegy guide for a first person shooter ! ? i mean , they 're pretty straightfoward - walk forward and kill all the bad guys you see ! how hard is that ! ? halo is an awesome game but it 's really not hard to figure out what to do ! i mean you 'd have to be a complete moron not to know what to do or where to go . it tells you more than once what to do during the game - you got that extrememly annoying cortana yacking in your ear pretty much non-stop , tellin ' ya what to do . but anyway i 'm done ranting at you wusses
0	damn . there 's nothing remarkable about the second item on this dvd ; it 's your standard european-made sexploitation film . `` the wild , wild world of jayne mansfield , '' on the other hand , is reprehensible . it 's a hodge-podge of vacation footage of mansfield , clips from her movie project , and material entirely unrelated to mansfield , linked only by the voiceover ... and then , after an hour or so of light-hearted softcore buffoonery , the movie cuts to her death , spending the last twenty minutes obsessing on her husband and children and the large , mostly empty mansion she has left behind . this movie has the feel of something slapped together for the sole purpose of trading off a famous name after mansfield 's death . this is exploitation in its worst form . i found the sudden change in tone , the large volume of non-mansfield material , and the sheer obsessiveness of the last twenty minutes disgusting in the extreme . those looking for cheesy bad movies to enjoy , or softcore porn to tittilate , go elsewhere ; this one is not merely bad , but evil
1	do n't listen to the reviews that claim that this lens is not a good choice for cropped sensor cameras ( ie the 20d , 30d , rebels etc ) the canon l lens are the best and this particular lens is no exception . i have had the lens for less than 24 hours now and am in love with the sharpness and color already . great lens , great color , so well built , super sharp , just watch out if this is your first l lens , you 'll be hooked . this is a lens you will have for many years , great investment
1	i love my birkenstock shoes . they fill great . i am a registered nurse . i am on my feet constantly all day . these shoes are great for the support my feet need . they are really comfortable . i will definately be purchasing more in the near future .
1	i thought this was convenient and easy to use . seemed to give a pretty accurate reading .
1	we had an ancient kitchen aid and i loved it ... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky . our daughter now has it and is happy with it . we bought the hamilton beach mixer and i like it almost as much as the kitchen aid . the best thing about it is that the mixer lifts up , making things a bit easier . the only slight complaint i have is that the medium to high speed is a big jump ... it 's a little too fast for what i want , most of the time . another plus is that it sits beautifully on my counter
1	i bought this as a gift for my son-in-law . he loves it . got it for him 2 years now . easy gift buying , and he enjoys a present i bought him all year .
1	got these slippers for my man for christmas . they are buttery soft , the fit is true to size and they are not lined with something to heavy and hot for the feet . can be worn barefoot or with socks . great for a quick dash outside . i would recommend these slippers and this seller
0	i was a bit disappointed in this tape . the workouts are too easy . i had mastered abs of steel i and was looking for abs of steel 2 . i could n't find it so i bought this one but its too easy . i found a used abs of steel 2 and i like it much better
0	wow , i can not believe that two of the best songs of the film were cut off . 1.- rock and roll part ii ( gary glitter ) and 2.-get it on ( t. rex ) . the rest has been said in the other costumers reviews .
1	i was a little apprehensive about ordering this product , as i read all of the negative comments . i ordered it anyway , because good comments described the potty as one that would benefit my son . when it arrived ( earlier than expected ) , i noticed that it was easy to assemble , and that because it is not made with very thick plastic , it probably would n't be a good idea to order this for big children who are potty training . my son is 18 months old , and 22 lbs , and it is perfect for him , sturdy enough for him to climb up and use the potty . he really enjoys climbing up himself , and it does encourage him to be more independent in the process . i let him look at the box , and we talked about how the little girl was going potty , and he liked seeing the little girl on the box : ) using the potty , `` just like him '' . so if your child is very big , or potty training at 3+ years , i would n't order this , they do n't need it . i would just get a stool
0	my hunting buddy purchased a nikon 800 . my intent was to put him in the shade . that nikon kicks the crap out of my bushnell yardage pro 1000 . tried new batteries , tried bluffing , even tried to lie but nothing helped this product past 500/600 yards . my opinion is this product is not worth the postage . anyone with similar opinion or someone that has had a good experience with this product . [ ...
0	i am very happy with my meridian color and the other mapsend products i have purchased , however , at first i couldnt get this product to work . i had no problem getting this software to run with xp ( even without the patch ) , however i couldnt view the basemap i had loaded onto my magellan . i tried to address this with the company . it has been three days now and they have not even returned my emails . customer service for this product is nonexistant . i joined the yahoo message board and got a simple answer to my question in about four hours someone posted the answer . turns out i just had to go to the menu -- card utilities and maunually select the basemap . i did not know that basemaps dont change automaticaly like the detailed maps do . i cannt say enough great things about my experience with my magellan meridian color though . navigating through hungary like a pro , i didnt miss a single turn . i would never recommend any of their products to someone who isnt willing or doesnt have the aptitude to learn about it . the magellan meridian series is in my opinion the finest product on the market for what it does , portability it provides and is 100 percent upgradable with new software and new maps . get you head out of your a__ thales . you have some great products , but you are blowing your customer support base with non existant customer support . i recommend anyone with a question about softward or the gps join the yahoo groups and post the question there . dont waste your time with customer support .
1	this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an `` electric miles '' sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended
0	item worked for one year , three weeks . then had widely varing temperature readings , or indications that the oven had reached over maximum temperature ( 500+ degrees ) when oven was set for 325 degrees .
1	juggernaut was more or less lumped in with the disaster movie genre when it came out in the mid-70s , possibly because the making of the film itself seemed so disastrous . originally a bryan forbes film , forbes was briefly replaced by don medford ( who had also briefly taken over the guns of navarone after alexander mackendrick was fired and before j. lee thompson was hired ) before richard lester took over . while it 's easy to spot some of the typical lester touches ( such as poor offscreen jokes added during the dubbing sessions ) , it 's so unlike most of his other films that you constantly find yourself wondering who directed what . regardless of where the credit lies , the end result is a terrific thriller , with richard harris ' bomb disposal team parachuted to omar sharif 's liner with several bombs aboard while anthony hopkins tries to track down the extortionist in london . the bomb disposal scenes are genuinely tense , the characterisation surprisingly strong enough to undercut potential clich ? s and alan plater 's dialog quite superb , with the film offering both the required suspense and a neat little state-of-the-nation address of britain in the early 70s . really rather terrific .
1	i got this book when it first came out and read it straight away.i absoloutely loved it and highly reccomend it.lief is trying to be a great ruler , but ca n't , not with the famine and death in deltora.but with a perilious map , our heroes set out to destroy the four sisters that are causing the deaths in deltora.an exceptional addition to the previous books and is reccomended to fans who want a little more adventure in their reading.well done emily rodda ! i like this book as much as all the others , this is the best deltora series and i say it proudly , but after all , deltora quets has n't finished , not yet
1	fun for kids age 4 -40 . bought it as a gag for my college age son ... he loved it for pranks , but also let young nieces and nephews play with it . kept them laughing for a long time .
0	i use this in conjunction with the sandisk ultra ii 2.0 gb compact flash card . i like it , but the flash card does n't slide in easily . sometimes it get stuck halfway , as if the unit has not been designed properly and the sliders for the card offer enough give to slide the card to the left or right of the pins . to add insult to injury , both the reader and flash card are manufactured by sandisk . therefore , they should work seamlessly together , but pathetically , they do n't . i 'd much rather pay more for a reader that worked great , rather than save a few dollars for a reader that makes you work every time you use the thing . for comparison , my camera accepts the card perfectly . there is no give at all , but instead is an effortless process . not a quality reader . other than that , it works as expected . surprisingly , the reader does n't topple over as easily as i thought it would . it stands vertically and looks like it might fall over when trying to slide the card in . sliding the card in a 2 handed process , so one hand holds the unit while the other slides it in . removing the card is extremely easy . that 's a one-handed process . `` eject '' the card from the pc 's drive and then remove it . data transfer from the card to pc is very quick . overall , i 'm glad to have it , but it 's an annoyance to use it . i hate the card getting stuck halfway in the reader
0	overall the item works well . if keeping track of one player it is just fine . when trying to play two players it is hard to get from one player to the second player . to play two players it has to go through all four players before getting back to the first player and then to keep strokes as they happen it is difficult to go back from player one and player two
1	we love this camcorder ! we bought it because our other bulky , digital video that uses tapes , which we would have to copy onto vhs/dvd , stopped working . we did n't want to spend a lot of money . we loved the idea that it was easier to carry in my purse and you could download it straight to the computer or burn it ( which is very simple to do , and you do not have to download any software . ) i have to admit i was a little reluctant that the quality of the picture would be less than great , and only 60 minutes concerned me , but the pictures is great and i have n't ran out of time yet . we have used this indoors , outdoors and have no problems . we have recorded our son 's basketball games and it worked great . we read where the batteries did n't last very long , but we have been using rechargeable batteries and have been impressed with lifetime they have . this is a must for those who have children or grandchildren
1	well , season 5 for me was a little bit of a dissappointment but still contain the character plot line ( or the theme as many will call it ) of southpark itself . since buying this i watched it alot in the first month or two then dropped off . my interest in southpark was revisited with season 6 ( also available on dvd ) however , if you like south park or love it this is for you of course without saying . however , if you just joining in you might want to get the package with the first 5 seasons all together , but this season was good
0	i nearly bought this until i read that it involves cardboard and stickers . that 's shameful . search amazon 's partners and other major booksellers for the `` nostalgia '' edition of stratego . it runs $ 4 or $ 5 more . it has plastic pieces with metallic paint . this game is a blast ; you and your kids are going to play it a lot
0	i have purchased the pv-gs65 and everytime i use the camera with autofocus it makes everything blurry and only stays in focus for about 3 seconds . i returned my camcorder and got another one ( pvgs65 ) and i am still having this problem . everytime i have used the camera i have to use manual focus . if anyone else has had this problem or knows how i could get this fixed please email me or post another review . brandonwg8677 @ comcast.net thank you
1	freddy krueger is held in hell after being killed by his daughter.all evidence of his existence have been taken out of his hometown.as far as elm street is concerned freddy never existed.he is unable to return and wreak havoc.freddy is able to free jason voorhess from hell.jason almost immediately takes up his machete and starts killing freddy 's children . jason starts killing too frequently for freddy 's taste and he is forced to make a return to stop jason . upon the return of freddy the viewer is treated to a battle royal of the two forces of evil.the knife glove of freddy against the machete of jason makes for some exciting fighting.the final battle finally is settled on a peir on a lake.the two most evil people on earth cut each other to peices . you think that you have a victor in this classical battle but the final scene leaves you wondering who really won this fight.i believe that they left the movie open for a sequel.fans of `` a nightmare on elm street '' and `` friday the thirteenth '' will be greatly entertained
1	alvin lee is a genius with a guitar . nowhere is this more evident than in his mastery of the blues . he was and is a great rocker , but his true calling is as a bluesman . this is a great album
0	did not work right out of the box . the heating elements did not get hot . so i had to return it otherwise i would be throwing money away . do not buy
0	 " an astronaut  ( michael emmet )  dies while returning from a mission and his body is recovered by the military .  the base where the dead astronaut is taken to becomes the scene of a bizarre invasion plan from outer space .  alien embryos inside the dead astronaut resurrect the corpse and begin a terrifying assault on the military staff in the hopes of conquering the world ,  "  according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis .   a roger corman  " american international "  production .  the man who fell to earth impregnated ,  mr .  emmet  ( as john corcoran )  ,  does all right .  angela greene is his pretty conflicted fiance .  and ,  ed nelson  ( as dave randall )  is featured as prominently .  with a bigger budget ,  better opening ,  and a re-write for crisper characterizations ,  this could have been something approaching classic 1950s science fiction .   *** night of the blood beast  ( 1958 )  bernard l .  kowalski ,  roger corman ~ michael emmet ,  angela greene ,  ed nelson
0	directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting .
0	jonny 's conversion is fine and i hope he is happy , but this album was not good if you are expecting the blues guitar work of his early albums . if you want christan rock maybe this could be for you , but he missed the mark with me big time
0	it has been a couple years since i 've seen this , and i can still honestly say that it 's like watching a andy warhol movie of salvor dail puking . a kind of swirly colorful mess , with brendan fraser and bridget fonda stuck in the ooze of ick , and ca n't escape it 's yuck of a screenplay ... on a positive note , jim carrey is n't in it . other then that , nothing can redeem henry selick , kaja blackley , and sam hamm for this putrid monstrosity , and i mean that from the bottm of my heart
1	this sharpner worked so well that i bought a second one to have when i wear this one out
0	i 've always seen sheryl crow as a middle-of-the-road rock artist . my wife and i got a couple of her disc 's , plus that `` very best of '' cd and was really looking forward to her latest , but this one ... zzzzzzzz , makes me wonder what they 're putting in sheryl 's coffee . some reviewers are saying there 's `` heart and soul '' all over this album ? that may be , but it 's also very slick dullsville stuff too . as for the album cover graphics , i do n't see the roger dean yes covers or the 60 's style psychedelia like one reviewer wrote , but a very `` modern '' graphic art that lots of artists and bands have been using . kelly clarkson , the vines , the donnas , the list goes on . highlights : good is good ( i guess it 's time for a new `` very best of '' collection )
1	i tried several different bottles with my daughter and these have worked wonderfully for us . we actually came across them when walmart stopped carrying the parent 's choice anti colic bottles we had been using which are similar in design . these bottles really seem to decrease the amount of air my daughter takes in while she 's feeding . this is a blessing as she has had problems with gas since birth . she also has reflux . i ca n't tell you if the bottles are a major factor in her improvement in that area because she is now on meds . however , i have to think they 've helped a bit . they are also comfy to hold for me . i 've read a lot of reviews that talk about leaking . i had this problem once and that was because i heated the bottle with the valve system in it . so , i learned to not do so and have not had a problem since . they are a bit pricy , but i believe that you get what you pay for . lastly , i do n't think that the small parts are difficult to wash . yes , it 's a bit more time consuming if you do n't have a dish washer , but for us , it 's been well worth the extra time
0	the brace or axle to hold the goal in an upright position was to short and could n't be used . a new one had to be purchased
1	attila was a 2001 mini series which won the honor of being the most watched mini-series of its day . it features a stellar cast including powers boothe as a crafty roman leader who tries to use attila to gain possession of rome . gerard butler is attila , the hun , and he is everything about attila in this role , never was an actor better suited . his character is sharp , passionate , determined and has an instant magnatism that keeps the viewer glued to the film . he brings a strong intensity and subtle gentleness to the character which makes watching him clash with boothe even more dynamic . this is a definite watch for anyone that likes period piece drama or just really well staged war scenes
0	when one trips the safety key , one has to power the treadmill off then on to get the treadmill going again . this action looses all the time and distance information . the keys fitness , who manufactures ironman and a bunch of others , help line confirmed that this is normal for their products . i see this as a safety problem because many people will bypass the safety key by not clipping it on their body
0	this will work only if you are doing work outs , while you are not doing work outs if you wear this , i do n't think it would be of any help .
0	instead of this pick up a plextor convertor box . it takes the output of the camcorder ( composite/rca or s-video ) and compresses that to mpeg-2 ( dvd ) or mpeg-4 ( or divx ) and includes software which easily burns that to dvd or cd ( mpeg-1 or mini dvd ) . look for plextor 's m402u box . unless you really want to deal with 3.125 mb of data per second ( 25 mbps ) , or about 180 mb per minute , or about 11 gb per hour through the firewire link , get the m402u . your options will be greatly expanded , and you wo n't tell the difference by looking
0	my 5 year old daughter loves this vacuum the only proble it does n't hold a charge i charge it over night and maybe lasts 15 min can anyone help ... .
0	well you know the drill . some people will like anything that is `` artsy '' or `` out of the ordinary '' or `` made by that great director '' . its a different kind of herd but a herd nevertheless . the movie is about incest . it is about sex and adolescence . and , ironically , it is some kind of a parody of the very crowd that is giving this movie rave reviews . the best part of this movie is eva green . or , more precisely , eva green 's body . i did n't care about her acting ( i thought it was mediocre ) . i just sat there and drunk her body in , wishing that i was that lucky actor ( whats his name again ? ) . the only reason to watch this movie is eva green . if she was indeed exploited by the elderly director with an intimidating reputation , then i am glad it happened . the movie is visually rich . in fact , its so rich that bertolucci seems to be masturbating his sensibilities for us all to see . but i will take it . he captures and celebrates eve green 's stunning body - every square millimeter of it ( including her genitals - the movie is nc17 for a reason ) , to perfection . other than that , there is nothing else in the movie . the story is utterly insipid , the old movie clips , the `` discussion '' of morality or whatever ... nothing interesting . the music is another plus point . bottomline , watch it for eva green 's body . it deserves five stars . but the movie deserves only two
1	i have tried many different coffee makers and being a coffee junkie i keep looking for the combination of simplicity , cost and excellent coffee - this has all three ! the first two or three times i tried this the coffee did n't come out that good , either too weak or not enough body but now i have it down and the coffee is excellent . i make a double espresso and then add in extra water to fill my travel mug for my 2 hour commute each day . the other good news ... i 've now found a good use for my single cup coffee maker - it produce the right amount of water at the right temprature to use in the aeroexpress .
1	i chose this railway set over learning curve because i believe their prices are inflated , and i was not disappointed with it . the set is well made overall , with smooth , well-fitting track and sturdy accessories . my son ( 3 ) and daughter ( 6 ) have played with the set for hours every day since we got it , both with equal fascination . it fits perfectly with thomas accessories we already own . i have only three small caveats : 1 ) buy some `` sure track '' clips to use on elevated portions of the track . we use it on a smooth , level surface ( hardwood floor ) , but the clips really enhance the stability for active play . 2 ) the round turntable did not spin freely when we got it , because the blue center piece was not perfectly round . we drilled out the rivet and removed the blue center piece , sanded down the edges , and replaced it . now it 's very easy for my kids to operate . 3 ) the trains included have slightly wobbly wheels , compared to thomas trains . but they are functional , and my kids use the trains interchangeably . it 's a great set , and a real bargain
0	we 've gone through about 2 or 3 generations of infusion basketballs from spalding . the gimmick is n't worth it and there are better balls like the original zi/o and the excel for outdoor and the tf1000 for indoor
1	i 've loved this movie since the first time i saw it . if you like jack nicholson and meryl streep , you wo n't be dissappointed with this movie .
0	i bought this dvd becuase i really wanted to learn the dance moves in `` you got served '' and was extremely disappointed . the only routines they teach you are from the people who lost the dance battles in the movie and why you would want to learn those , i do n't know . the freestlye section at the end is fun to watch , but this is neither a good workout nor a good hip hop dance video
1	my daughter loves sims so i got this to help her improve her spanish . it is fun to play for adults , too . the complete immersion method is more effective for learning a new language
0	at first this case seemed like a good idea , but after the 3rd use , the zipper broke . since the case does not stay open on its own , there is tendency to push the case open and force the zipper backward and apart . after fixing it a couple of times , it is now permanently broken . bad design . maybe velcro would have been better
1	i am a serious foodie that loves to cook and is always looking for new ways to shake up the meals that i prepare for my family . the beauty of `` gourmet '' is that they do not concentrate on the cuisine of one culture . i also appreciate that they provide articles on both the best methods , and on quick methods and dishes . i have read `` gourmet '' off and on for at least 20 years . the magazine has changed somewhat during that time . the focus has shifted to more of a lifestyle magazine than a pure cooking magazine . the features of the june 2006 edition are as follows : tiki time : a collection of polynesian food and drink we are family : recipes for a summer party a greece less traveled : northwestern greece travel and recipes in the section , seasonal kitchen , there is a very well done article on salads . the roasted vegetable panzanella is fantastic . in the gourmet everyday section , i always enjoy the three regular articles : quick kitchen ( 30 minutes meals ) , five ingredients , and 10 minute mains . these are always tasty and usually all quick . if you are a foodie , and/or you want to be this magazine is a nice starting point . i would suggest that you pick up a couple of issues on the newsstand to confirm that this magazine is for you before subscribing . i highly recommend this magazine for budding home chefs .
1	during world war ii ,  two byelorussian  ( soviet russian )  soldiers try to avoid being captured by occupying nazis ,  as they trudge through snowy terrain ,  searching for food and safety .  if you happen not to like black-and-white  " foreign "  films ,  you may still enjoy  " voskhozhdeniye "   ( retiled in english  " the ascent "  )  .  director larisa shepitko paces the film extraordinarily well ,  despite its being a largely introspective piece of work .  her untimely death ,  in a car accident ,  made this ms .  shepitko's final film ,  unfortunately .   after the opening mission is declared ,  there doesn't seem to be much that could happen in the snowy woods ,  but shepitko and a changing setting make it unexpectedly exciting .  leading players vladimir gostyukhin  ( as the spiritually wounded  " rybak "  )  and boris plotnikov  ( as the physically wounded 'sotnikov "  )  successfully avoid being crushed by the ever increasing symbolism .  their allegorical performances ,  under shepitko's sharp direction ,  provide a memorable and thought-provoking take on a familiar story .   ******** voskhozhdeniye  ( 4/2/77 )  larisa shepitko ~ vladimir gostyukhin ,  boris plotnikov ,  lyudmila polyakova ,  anatoli solonitsyn
1	v for vendetta was already out on dvd before i finally saw it . my college roommates told me that it was a great movie , so i finally went to blockbuster and rented a copy . the next day i returned the copy and went to best buy and bought my own copy of the movie , it was that good . v for vendetta takes place in the not so distant future in england , where the residents have a curfew that they need to follow if they do n't want to be arrested , dirty cops and policemen hand out their own cruel form of justice , and where our female hero evey [ payed by natlie portman ] lives . after being cornered by several dirty cops evey is rescued by the charismatic , fast talking , highly intelligent masked man simply named , v. v is a man of many words , and he explains in the movie that he is tired of the `` big brother '' style of living that everyone has to endure . although the government controls the entire city v is upset that the population is not fighting back and taking back their own lives . he explains he is a one man crusade to evey as he blows up the old bailey building to opera music as he laughs uncontrollably at one point . this is a movie anyone will like , except you probably would n't want the kids watching because of the violence and language . v is a guy you will totally like because he is charming to the ladies , cool to hang out with and watch movies [ his favorite is the count of monte cristo ] and also is one tough son of a bitch who uses knives and martial arts to take out his enemies . evey is also great to see in this movie . she is the daughter of political activists who were killed after speaking too loud against government corruption . she also literally got her head shaved in one of the scenes in the movie ! natalie portman was great . the movie is awesome to watch . it is fast paced and exciting in a lot of scenes . from v taking over the tv station in england and talking on every single tv screen in the city as he fights the government , to evey getting caught by the government and sitting in a cell for several months with a shocking ending . great movie to see . the extras include : `` freedom forever ! '' the making of v for vendetta `` designing the near future '' the artistic look at making v for vendetta `` remember remember '' the look at the man named guy fawkes easter egg ! a saturday night live digital short plus more !
1	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
0	what is it with these gossip magazines ? ? please tell me , because i truly think no one in their right mind would ever subscribe to this garbage . all it is is mindless crap that the media puts into kids minds , while not having anything important else in the magazine . unless your 10 years old , do not subscribe to this . there are better magazines out there fortunately , like seventeen and cosmogirl ! which are n't nearly as filled with garbage like this . the reason you do n't see j-14 or this magazine or any other magazine like this on the top of the magazine list is because it has no effect on people , it 's for little kids and it 's not mature . period .
1	there 's not much to say about the reputation of these movies . there 's also little to say about these dvds , many of which are the high quality special edition collections . just do the math . this is no brainer for people who do n't own any of these dvds . even if you only want 8 of them ( less than half ! ) , that 's about $ 20.00 a movie ( at amazon 's present sales price ) and since many of these movies are special editions , that 's still a steal ! this is a solid place to start your dvd collection . not everyone will enjoy all these movies ( after all , they range from westerns to romantic pieces to musicals ) , but at this price even giving half of them away still allows you a tremendous savings . one note : the version of amadeus here is the reissue and the longer , director 's cut of the movie that was not originally released . some ( including myself ) prefer the tighter original release ( which can still be gotten at amazon but sadly has no commentary and requires you to flip the disc in the middle of the movie ! )
0	i had purchased two of these smack and yack cars for my grandson . while wrapping them the night before i planned to give the gift , i discovered that they did not make noise as advertised . if i had looked at them earlier , i would have returned them for a refund . it 's no fun to have grandchildren that are disappointed
0	van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
0	i have a 2 month old high-end dell pc with tons of memory and disk , running windows xp pro . this game does n't work . period . first of all , when i installed it , it reset my graphics options . second , when i attempt to play a game , even at the settings that it chose , i get nothing but a white screen . after numerous tries , and killing the program with the task manager , i finally attempted the other activities options . clicking on them does absolutely nothing ! it does n't recognize my mouse clicks . i 'm assuming that the game was written for the apple mac , and ported to the pc . trust me , it does n't work . btw , we have tons of other kids games and have never had a problem with any of them . now i have to figure out how to return this silly thing .
1	when i buy flash memory , i consider price , speed , manufacturer and vendor . i got this particular memory stick for a sonyericsson w810i phone . i paid extra to get it from amazon ( no they do n't always have the best price ) . this way i am confident that i can return it if i got the wrong one or have a problem with it . the card works fine in my phone , and since i have a usb cable that hooks up to the phone , i do n't have to be concerned about removing the card to use a card reader . i have not yet experienced any problems with sandisk memory products . i am told that the sandisk sticks are faster than sony 's , but i have no way to confirm this , nor do i know if my phone ( mp3 player , camera ) is able to take advantage of faster speeds . the longest process is transferring music to the phone , and i was n't in a hurry anyway . this stick comes with an adapter to use with the older memory stick format , so i can use the 128mb stick that i replaced in my sony camcorder ( which had a 4mb stick in it . no , it 's not a typo . it 's actually a 4 megabyte memory stick )
1	this is the one only cooking/food magazine to buy . not only does it share fabulous recipes that are tested in the magazine 's test kitchens , it also illustrates step-by-step instruction , rates cooking tools gadgets , educates the reader on seasonal ingredients
1	i am very pleased with the terry wrap that i bought as a christmas gift . i had looked in every store i was in while christmas shopping for one but found none so was very pleased to find this one . it is well made , looks good and the price was great . shipping was very quick without paying extra for express service
1	this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events/holidays/etc . there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes .
0	did n't pump any air into the tire the first 2 `` stomps '' ... tried it again another day , 3rd `` stomp '' and the gauge went flying off . put the gauge back on and it still does n't work . biggest waste of money . never even filled one tir
0	i was impressed by all the reviews that said that how quiet the machine was when i bought it . assembly was not so bad ( 2.5 hours ) . then the squeeking started . just about after 100 calories burned , there would be a two distinct squeeks at a specific position of the flywheel . we called technical service and the service person called back on the 5th day ( he needed to respond before 5 days ) and scheduled a visit for a day 10 days after that . the technician inspected the machine and said that such sound was normal , and adjusted the tension on some screws and left . now the squeeking is starts right after beginning the workout . it is loud . as in , you need earplugs , loud . another call to tech support ...
0	at christmas 2003 i was very excited with the $ 50 scale my family purchased for me . it worked as advertised for about six months . then it displayed the err message more and more . we replaced the battery . then it would not permit any function buttons to perform . we just sighed and used my expensive gift as any $ 7 bathroom scale . when it went completely blank this week , battery of no use , i hopped on the internet to see what anyone else 's experience is . to be fair , i will contact the manufacturer and see if they can make it right . i hope they can . if not , i will see what the weight watchers scales is like . sigh ...
1	when the toa and all the first bionicles came out , it was very simple and straigthforward . bad guys were different from the toa and everyone knew they were bad . now , with the pirahka , we have villians claiming to be toa ! and the matoran believe them ! one of the things i really love about zaktan is his weapon . it looks really cool and can change . also , the little ball launcher ( i forget what it 's called ) is a lot of fun ( i shot my brother with it x3 ) and the glowing eyes are just plain awesome ! though the rubber part is sligthy annoying , it does n't really get in the way
0	these are more like 200-250 thread count . soft at first , but after a couple of washings , they feel rough , loose their shape , and wrinkle easily . i purchased several different colors in twin and king sizes and all have been a disappointment .
1	my husband and i play this cd all the time . we both love it
1	i got what i ordered in a timely fashion , with no complaints . thank you
1	i wish that i had purchased the sheet set earlier so that i could have enjoyed them all winter , they are so comfortable , even with flannel pj 's i did n't have any problem turning over . i completely recommend this sheet .
0	not worth the money spent on it . after reviewing info on my new digital camera i followed suggestions to get the rechargeable batteries kit to save money on aa batteries . i did not need the camera case that came with this kit , and it really had too many pockets for my liking . the batteries did not hold a charge . i only got a few pictures taken before they went dead . if the spare set sat in the camera for a few days they too were dead . at least i got a full set of pictures taken on the duracell ones . i would much rather buy batteries and have them on hand then always be running back to the charger after a few shots . i have had no experience with rechargables before so i do not know if this is common . but i returned this item as a defect because for this amount of money you should get more then six pictures per charge
0	i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality
0	my 4-yr old daughter really wanted this for christmas , and santa was kind enough to bring it for her . the quality is fine , but it just does n't do much . she played with it for the first day , and has touched it maybe twice since . i 've seen these on clearance everywhere i 've gone lately , too . if your child is into playing `` mommy '' , this is cute , but the extra money you pay for something that moves and talks does n't really equate to lasting play value with this one
0	this has got to be the most appalling abuse of the word comedy ever witnessed . it is simply not funny and the scriptwriters have obviously just tried to use the name of the tv series in order to make a few quid at the box office .  this film makes a carry on seem subtle as far as sexual innuendo goes  (  no mean feat )  ,  and has all the charisma of a corpse with rigamortis .  a complete washout i'm afraid !  !
1	i 've never had a problem with these dvds . they burn and play perfectly and i 've never had a problem printing on them . what 's particularly nice about these is the printable area goes all the way to the hole . it does n't sound like a big deal but it makes for nicer looking dvds . by the way , i use an epson stylus photo r300 to print great photos and dvds
0	my daughter and another second-grade friend both got bored of this game after 20 minutes of staring at a horse standing in a stall and listening to a cat meow . the controls are not very logical , and there is no animation to speak of
1	i 'm certainly glad to have this pointer . you 'd never know it is inexpensive , since it looks quite sleek ( like a fountain pen , though heavier , for sure ) and casts a sharp beam quite a distance . pleasantly sensitive to the touch , it needs no fussing . you 'd have to have pretty specialized needs to want a more expensive model
0	 . . . this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
0	after being greeted with much excitement , this program would n't properly install on my not-so-fussy computer . the web assistance was of little help at all and we had to send it back . very disappointing
0	this is a 1.2 volt battery charger . useless for anything that requires aaa 1.5 volt batteries
1	i am a motown , oldies , r & amp ; b , soul , love songs , music lover.i like the songs that hit the heart and soul and hearing them brings back memories that come alive to the rhythem and bill withers definately fits right in there . i do n't realy have a favorite artist because i like sooooo many of them but if i had to pick my top 10 , this album would be in there
1	robert deniro and eddie murphy ,  what a team .  while rene russo ,  william shanter ,  and that guy from the everyday video are alongside for the ride .  this is a funny and a great movie .  not only is it that ,  but it's a good buddy flick .   tom dey  ( shanghai noon )  directs this hell of a movie .  from start to finish ,  it was a masterpiece .  no slapstick humor here .  but good old time laughs .  making fun of all other cop flicks  ( to name a few lethal weapon ,  beverly hills cop ,  fifteen minutes ,  and etc .  .  .  )   if you want to see a movie ,  see this one .  you'll love it .  it has a wonderful cast and crew .  so ,  get off your a** from watching  " cops "  and watch  " showtime "  for a cop film .  and remember ,  they'll be protrolling your neighbor at um .  .  . um .  .  . oh !  at friday nights at 8 : 00  ( man ,  everyone says i'm a bad writer )  .
0	the game has a nice concept , if it worked . i 've been trying since christmas ( over 3 months ) to connect this game to the internet to update it for my kids and finally was able to update the firmware today . something that you will have to do to be able to get to the virtual worlds , but the web site is always down ! ! ! ! ! experancing technical problems ! ! ! and the nice window that pop 's up on the home page from the chief , asking for suggestions goes to a bad link ! ! ! i only gave it 1 star because the review process does n't have a 0 stars . do n't waste any money on this thing ! ! ! !
0	this sd would not work in my nikon coolpix s6 camera ( but the fuji and sandisk product did
1	bought this boot for varying terrain and temperature conditions . it is stable , comfortable , provides good traction , and is warm without being sweaty . i would strongly recommend this boot .
1	the picture in the ad does n't do these pots and pans justice . they are very very shining and heat evenly and fast
0	this man is like michael bay . using high speed action sequences and terrible casting and script writing , the fact that chris tucker appears in this and almost every movie that the man makes signals a trend to do these as not so much movies as they are music video comedys only it 's patheic and not funny , and that is also why the man who is now making x-men 3 will cause that movie franchise to die a quick death at the movies . the man is a joke
1	i am so excited that greek is back !  this season looks really eventful .  im glad that casey is trying to get serious about school but is still involved in the sorority .  its really funny that she wants to go into politics & that they're highlighting her 'scheming talent . ' i loved calvin's new haircut !  it makes him look more mature .  they should shave cappy's head ,  as well .  all the guys are hot but calvin is definitely the hottest !  i cant wait to see more of him !  i'm especially interested in what happens between calvin ,  adam ,  & rusty !  i also love rebecca .  she's really pretty .  i actually think that rebecca & calvin should hook up .  go for it ,  calvin !  join my team !
0	the lotion does not get very warm and only the lotion in the uppermost part of the dispenser gets warm . so if you want to use a lot of lotion , you have to wait in between while the lotion warms up . i have dry skin so i put lotion all over . its more of an inconvenience to have to wait for each application to warm up and even when it does warm up , it is n't super warm .
0	beware ! on off switch broke machine would not cut off unless unplugged . the place they recommended based on my zip code still has my vacuum and it 's been about 2 weeks . : -
0	another tiresome bore from anthony minghella ,  who seems to thrive on these big bloated super-productions that take over two and a half hours to do what any reasonable filmmaker would do in about ninety minutes .   the story centers on inman  ( a somnambulent jude law )  ,  who goes off to the civil war having just barely started a sort-of romance with nicole kidman ,  a preacher's daughter who has recently arrived in the prettily photographed backwater town .  the story cuts back and forth between inman's trials and tribulations at war  ( which is ,  guess what boys and girls ?  hell !  !  )  and kidman's trials and tribulations back at home  ( which are ,  very predictably ,  incredibly boring )  .  renee zellwegger appears on kidman's farm to help kidman get it back into shape after kidman's saintly daddy dies of inconvenient character disease .  zellwegger acts all squinty and bossy in that granny clampett kind of way ,  dispensing enough tough love and homespun wisdom to turn the stomach of even the hardiest watcher of touched by an angel .   this film is ,  quite simply ,  excruciating .  avoid it like the big bloated oscar-bait bogus pretentious literary adaptation nonsense that it is .
0	this camera is a waste of money and should be taken off the market . after purchase we were never able to retreive pictures . the computer would recognize the camera but stated that no pictures were available to download . it not only is difficult to use but not even an adult could figure out how to take a picture and this product is made for a child . the instructions are complicated and eventually you give up . even putting in the batteries is complicated and you need a screwdriver ( the smallest one you can find ) to achieve it . unfortunately , i have wasted my money but luckily you do n't have to
1	unless you frequented jazz clubs in baltimore or philly in the fall of 1955 , this would have been your first exposure to the miles davis-john coltrane collaboration ( a few tracks recorded for columbia , the label miles would soon be joining exclusively , a few weeks before this session were n't issued until much later ) . davis settled on coltrane as his replacement for the departing sonny rollins almost by default - no one else fit the bill or new the book . that they would stay together long seemed unlikely because their temperaments differed so much ( davis was a hands-off leader , coltrane wanted constant input from miles on his playing and music in general ) . stablemates ( a benny golson tune ) is the track that seems to draw the most attention . it 's an excellent composition , and although coltrane sounds somewhat tentative ( nervous ? ) , the performance is attractive . but my favorite side is there is no greater love , even though coltrane sits this one out : miles plays beautifully , and i love the emotion he wrings from the tune . true , this is an early effort by the group that would transform modern jazz , but it 's a very good session nonetheless . the group plays well , the rhythm section is rock solid , and they are all off and running . full speed ahead
0	this is another wierd book by shirley maclaine : it is neither interesting nor a helpful guide book for pilgrims . the book is just a long rambling new age rant , published because the auther is `` shirley maclaine '' . too bad really . do n't waste your money on this one .
