1		Very nice iron!.	This is a great iron.  It's quite heavy, but I like that.  It really gets out the wrinkles.  I don't even mind ironing any more.
0		stripped gears.	I am very disappointed with this product.  I was carving my Thanksgiving turkey yesterday when the knife stopped working after it got hooked on bone in the wing.  The motor continued to work, but the blades stopped moving.  The knife has only been used 3 times, but I had to throw it out today.  I opened the plastic case, and found a metal worm gear coming off the motor shaft,and a cheap nylon gear attached to it to move the blades back and forth.  The nylon gear was stripped and the knife was useless. My prior knife, much less expensive, lasted for 18 years.  The Cuisinart knife is not well made and only works well when it is not under any stress..
1		use it in pans.	nay more than just a jar catcher, use it to scramble egges. with cheese etc................
1		What you see is what you get..	What you see is what you get.  It works just fine, there isn't really much that could go wrong.  The only thing is I should have gotten the larger size.  What they call a cup and what I call a cup didn't really measure up.  For me it makes two regular mugs.
1		Perfect for the task!.	I have to say, I have been needing a meat pounder for a long time and this one is great.  I used it on chicken and it did a great job with very little effort on my part.  Plus is was very easy to clean, just some soap and water.  I am very pleased with this item.
0		Taylor Professional Thermometer shuts itself off!.	I received my Taylor Professional [and] it appeared to be behaving normally except it shut itself off after 4 to 7 minutes even while its readings were changing. Now, it is supposed to save its battery life by shutting off if there is no change in its temperature reading for 10 minutes, but it should stay on if its readings are changing. The temperatures were no where near the extremes of the thermometer's range, so this wasn't a case of shutting down because of that. ... I e-mailed the manufacturer about the problem and was told I could return it to them for replacement. I did this and less than three weeks later received a new one from them. Surprise, surprise -- this one behaved the same way, shutting off after 4 or 5 minutes even while its readings were changing. I e-mailed Taylor again about this and suggested they check out their existing supply of this model, as I suspected they had many that were shutting down like this. ... Approximately two weeks later ... I received another package from them containing one of their model 9845 thermometers, a different model! I received no communications from Taylor about this, other than their original e-mail stating I could return my original thermometer to them for replacement. I don't know what I'll do now. I would like a properly functioning 9878 ....
1		Nice Cleaner---Bad Handle.	Great product, does what it's suppose to do.  Brushes are the best.  I have three huskies and it handles the dog hair expertly without clogging up.  For being such a heavy, beastly unit, I cannot understand why the handle is built for such a petite hand.  It should be at least an inch longer so I can actually fit my hand in to it.
0		Another casualty.	Discount any review of a blender that reflects only several months of use.  As a smoothie addict, shoveling a dozen or more ice cubes into the jar daily, I'm still looking for a machine that can go the distance (is a full year's use asking too much?).  The Braun burned out in the first 90 days, faster than my Black and Decker, Oster, even Hamilton Beach (though it lasted longer than Back to the Basics).  The best thing I can say for the Braun is that it doesn't have the impossible-to-clean push buttons (always look for a single switch, a knob, or a touch-pad).  Otherwise, their shavers have served me better, mowing down whiskers more dependably than ice cubes...I'm going back to the beginning and giving the classic single-switch Oster another try, though I'm beginning to feel guilty about cluttering the landfills with more broken machinery and useless glass jars.
1		Great Sheets!.	I was originally looking for silk sheets but not the silk sheet price tag.  I'm SO glad I bought these sheets instead.  They are comfy, warm and very smooth to the touch.  They fit my 14" mattress with ease.  I've had them about 2 months now and there are only a few drawbacks that I've noticed... they take _forever_ to dry in my dryer and they might need ironing once dry'ish.  Overall, not worth 600 but if you can catch them on sale you'll be very pleased with the results.
0		A good idea, disappointing in use.	These silicone pot holders are indeed brightly colored, easy to wash in the dishwasher, and protective even when wet.  They are also clumsily stiff at the same time as they are slippery, the net result being a miserable failure in the kitchen.  They are useful for protecting a counter from a hot pot, but not for picking the hot pot up.
1		Cleans well and easy to use.	I've stir fried in this pan quite a few meals, including carmelizing onions with soy sauce. When used with medium heat, cleaning is very easy. Soaking it for a few minutes and then scrubbing with scotch bright for a minute works. I've done this also with high heat, it needed more scrubbing but after a few minutes it looked new. ..If you don't mind the extra scrubbing, as I don't, you'll be happy with a healthier alternative to non-stick pans. My experience shows that with a few minutes of scrubbing the advantages of nonstick can be matched even in the worst case scenario...I'm a bit ambivalent about the size. I cook for myself and thought 9" would suffice, but I didn't take into account the fact that I cook for 2-3 days at a time. This pan is a bit too small in that capacity. On the other hand, my stove top is tiny so it fits fine...The handle is beautiful and well designed. I have no problem holding the pan even when full in one hand and it's well insulated. In contrast, I also own the Simply Calphalon sauce pan with a handle that's barely suitable for the weight. The quality of this pan is evident...All in all, a very high quality product that will serve me for years.
1		Le Creuset = Quality.	I own many items from the Le Creuset stoneware collection, and I must say that they are all of superb quality.  This square pan  is perfect for baking and serving my favorite side dishes and desserts.  I have been impressed over and over again at how non-stick the surface of this bakeware is.  Everything I have put into Le Creuset bakeware - brownies, casseroles, refried beans, etc. - has come clean with zero elbow grease.  In fact, the dishwasher usually gets them sparkling clean without my help!  I highly recommend this product as well as everything else from this line.
0		DEF. NOT A GOOD TANK.	You look at them in a picture frame.....the fish are crammed in there.
1		Love this!.	we just bought a new house, and not only is our bedroom the coldest room, we also painted it a blue/grey.  My husband did not want to part ways with our old comforter, even though it didn't match the walls.  This duvet cover was the PERFECT solution.  It is extremely soft and warm, and the "Windstream" colored snowflakes match our walls perfectly.  I may even keep in on the bed in the summer when we have the A/C going in the room.
0		Watch the handle!.	I agree with the previous reviewers.  The style is quite sleek and the ceramic, earthen material eliminates the metallic taste of the water.  ..However, the handle is a huge problem and you have to be extremely careful when pouring the pot. I made a hot of tea only filling 1/2 way full and put pouring it the handle can apart from the kettle and smash went the kettle, leaving me standing with only the handle in my hand. Thankfully I was pouring this over the sink or I would've suffered quite a burn...Buyer beware.
1		love this piece.	I just bought this piece and tried it out. I love the size and no drip mouth..The color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet.
0		Doesn't keep my yappy Cairn from barking....	He just looks away from where the spray emits--and barks again!..It also doesn't work 100% of the time...and we're not sure why.  When we fill it, it seems to work fairly well right after but it either does not have as many sprays as it is supposed to, or it isn't working very long...It does work well for my other small dog who is not such a persistent barker.  Terriers are just too stubborn to care if they're getting sprayed, I guess..
1		Awsome Pot.	I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware.  Best set I have every owned or used.  Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as easily as I have in these pots  and  pans...The fact that you can get these on special with great pricing puts it over the top.  I paid $26.57 for this after discounts and free shipping.
1		Not bad.	This fry cutter is good if you have a small potato and want some fries...otherwise you will need to cut your potato first. Also, it takes a bit of effort to use.
0		Weak whistle.....	The old OXO tea kettles had a train whistle sound.   This new one has a single high pitch whistle that is so weak you couldn't hear it in the next room.  Save your money and buy something cheaper.  It will work as well if not better.  I returned mine and got another brand and it works just fine and it was cheaper too..
1		A durable SPRAYER, not a mister.	This is a durable sprayer, not a mister.  I went through 3 or 4 misters before finding the Hoffritz sprayers.  Mine are 3 years old and going strong.  The misters, including the expensive stainless steel one, simply do not last very long.  We use a LOT of olive oil and these sprayers have held up well.  They do require a good push.   And you get more olive oil than you would with a mister..
0		Terrible waste of money.	This is the worst blender I've ever used. Bought it to make smoothies, but it has a hard time grinding frozen things. It never completely chops up frozen fruit, so I always end up sucking down huge hunks of semi-mushy fruit when I try to blend with this thing. Not pleasant. It's also loud and it moves a lot. Sometimes it vibrates so hard the carafe detaches slightly from the base, and when you lift the carafe to pour your drink into a glass you find a fruity puddle in the base's well. I strongly discourage anyone from ever purchasing this horrible thing.
0		not as handy as I hoped.	I have to admit that this is not as handy as I hoped.  It is big and clumsy and it's a little too flexable.
0		OXO let me down w/ flimsy handles.	I really like OXO products.  I have a number of their utensils in my kitchen and I enjoy that they have nice big handles.  Since I started getting gadgets for my kitchen I always wanted these measuring cups.  Well I finally got them.  I was very excited to use them for the first time.  Well I went to scoop some brown sugar and the handle started bending.  I was very disappointed in how flimsy the handles are.  I think I'll stick to my plastic ones from OXO, I had better luck with them.
0		WOW, what an amazing rip-off!!.	I suppose this will actually peel garlic, if you use it just right. Never, ever, ever get it wet. It will not work. Also, you must trim off both ends of the garlic, or it won't peel. And then, I still have to hand peel some of the more stubborn pieces. It's just not worth the money. If you look around, you can find much cheaper garlic peelers out there.....BUY THEM!.
1		The New Kitchen.	The solid contruction and well machined lids make these a joy to use.  We didn't want high maint. type of cookware just a high quality, easy to use and maintain product that looks good on the pot racks but cooks well every day.  Boy we are impressed! These cook with even heat and the only negative found was that the lids fit so well you have remember to take them off befor the dish cools or a vacume can form inside requiring reheat to remove the lid. They are easy to clean and a dream to handle.
0		does not work.	This unit simply does not do the job. Press makes irregular shaped tortillas and they CANNOT be easily removed from the wax paper. Better job can be done with 2 dinner plates. Save your money.
0		One of the worst products I have ever seen.	The V2 is one of the worst built appliances ever especially at about $250. Without exaggeration I have been back to the parts dealer about 10 times for replacement of the front suction piece (breaks), a number of times for the clear water and soap dispenser assembly. It seems to fall apart, leak, and requires constant attention. I now have to go to have a repair of the brushes - they don't rotate. And this is with use maybe once a month. Frankly, I'd be embarrassed to manufacture and sell a product with such miserable (and expensive) quality.
0		Suitable for hard cheeses only..	The holes are really small. This grater is suitable for hard cheeses like Romano, but forget using it for a softer cheese like cheddar..
1		Classy,  yet durable.	These ramekins are perfect for flan, custard, pudding, and the like.  They are beautiful, yet very heavy duty.  After buying one set in cherry red, I bought another set in flame 2 weeks later.  These are a definate must buy.
1		Does the job.	A fork is a fork, right?  This does what you'd expect.  The All Clad difference is that it is beautiful and because it's stainless, it's a very hefty knife.  I think with will hold a large heavy cut of meat well.  I use mine for chicken.  Sparkles when you put it in the diswasher.
0		Quite disappointed for Henckels..	We own a set of 2-Man Pro series and this set did not even compare. Returned them the same day they arrived to my house.
1		Outstanding Utility knives!.	At first I was turned off by the bright (gaudy) colors.  However, I have learned to appreciate that these knives are color-coded! They stand out in the knife drawer, and you can always find the one you are looking for.  Consequently, the right knife is used to get the job done..The knives are indestructable and durable.  We have owned ours 4-5 years and they show no unusual wear. Put them into the dishwasher!  We don't do that with another knife (regretted it when we have), but these can take it. The knives are well-designed for function, comfortable to handle, strong,  and  sharp..We love them and gave sets to our adult kids who always are commenting on how useful they are. Friends that visit and use ours comment favorably on them..These aren't showy knives for formal dining nor will they impress anyone with your classy style.  However, they do impress everyone who uses them.  And, the price is nice.
0		I'm so disappointed.	For fifteen years I've talked about getting a good stand mixer and my sweet husband went out and bought me this one. He bought it on sale at Cosco last Spring, then stored it until we moved back to the States from Europe and gave it to me as a housewarming gift in Nov.  I've used it a few times but the paddle and whisk don't reach the bottom of the bowl and the screw meant for adjustment will NOT tighten any further.  I can't get into the bowl at all while it is in the upward position... to scape or to add ingredients. I like to make crepes, which calls for adding sifted flour gradually over eggs while beating. It's impossible with this machine. I get a gluey mass at the bottom of the bowl, unmixed... and the batter is full of lumps.  If I want to scape the bowl, (which is frequently necessary since the paddle or whisk doesn't reach all the way to the sides of the bowl) I have to stop the machine and lower the bowl each time, and even then, with the paddle or whisk attached, it's not easy to reach the sides of the bowl towards the back. You can't turn the bowl without removing it from the stand completely. You have to yank on the bowl and lift at the same time to remove it from the stand. This takes a fair amount of force to maneuver. It's impossible to remove the paddle or whisk without first letting it drop completely into the batter. The speeds are not variable enough. It seems to be either ploddingly slow or so fast that any liquid or flour flies out. .It's a monumental disappointment and I'm frustrated because it's been so long since he bought it, I can't imagine they would allow it to be returned. So, I still mix everything by hand or use my stick mixer and feel crumby about the big white doorstop taking up counter space.
0		Jack of all trades, master of none.	We purchased the George Foreman 8 in 1 with the thought we would get the toaster oven we needed and some other features that would be nice to have.  The 8 in 1 does have alot of neat features, the issue is it doesn't do any of the features very well.  The toaster feature takes about 2 times as long to toast as a smaller, more conventional toaster oven.  The Rotisserie is difficult to use and the grease catcher woefully inadequate.  We found out the hard way when we had chicken grease overflow out of the grill and onto the counter.  I can see this being a very good item for those with very small kitchens and in need of saving space, however, be warned that this oven has many shortcomings.
0		Arrived Broken.	Fiesta Scarlet is a beautiful color and the Sugar and Creamer with Tray is really great.  Mine arrived broken and I had difficulty returning it so I remain disappointed and unwilling to try again..
1		The husband replacer!.	This tool makes even the toughest jar a breeze to open, accommodating a range of sizes easily. I'm sending one to everyone in my family this Christmas.
1		No rust for me.	I've had my set for about a year a half.  I haven't had one speck of rust - I wonder if they had a bad batch at some point??  I would definately take them back.  I can see how they'd be too big/heavy for kids - but for adults they're great.  Fit the contours of your mouth very nicely.  I use mine with Fiestaware and they look great together.
0		Nice oven, lousy toaster.	This is a very nice small oven, but as a toaster it really drives me up the wall. As someone else said, three knobs to adjust just to make toast! Then you have to stand there and watch it and the toast still burns!.  I will keep this to use as an oven, but tomorrow I am going out and buy a nice small toaster..  And guess what it will not be an Oster product. This is the  last of their products I shall ever purchase...                        Joh.
0		Overpriced.	This item is the black sheep of the All Clad line. It is NOT a triply pan like other All Clad products and is made entirely of stainless steel(no aluminum). It is also made in Korea where other All Clad products are made in the USA. ..There are better roasters out there for less than half the price of this roaster.
0		Ok, the sheets weren't expensive but WHAT a disappointment!.	After one wash the fitted sheet shrank and color leeched onto it so it has grey splotches in places. We don't even have a deep mattress but now the bare mattress shows on the sides. It'll have to go in our next garage sale..
1		My American Tandoori oven.	When I bought this thing 3 years ago I thought I might do kabobs on it but not only does it cook kabobs beautifully it also cooks tandoori chicken and tandoori bread!..I can't have an open flame grill where I live, and when I bought this I used it in the apartment.  Now I take it on my patio to grill.  I like the see-through lid which most of these grills don't have.  It's too bad they've discontinued this produc.
1		Lovely with an exception.	I adore this flatware! The weight, the clean lines, and beautiful shape! However, it only gets 4 stars because the knives develop rust spots when put in the dishwasher. To prevent rusting, I have to hand wash them. Admittedly, it's inconvenient and not something everyone wants to do. The spoons and forks seem to do just fine in the dishwasher so I don't know what's wrong with the knives. I'm assuming they're made differently. Gourmet Settings, the manufacturer, does have a warranty on the flatware so if you buy this set you may want to, or have to, make use of this.
0		Water  and  Steam Everywhere!.	This Krups espresso maker leaves water and steam all over the counter every time it is used. I think the "built in safety" features are to blame. The finer the grind, the more water leaked out. Keep in mind that fine grinds are recommended for espresso and cappuccino...Using a coarse grind, which is usually only used for cowboy coffee out on the trail or French press machines, I still get quite a bit of leakage. Using finer grinds produces more and more leakage leaving only about half a carafe of extremely strong espresso which is indeed more like cowboy or french press coffees. -I enjoy cowboy coffee but would prefer espresso from my espresso machine plus I hate all the mess...The Krups machine I had fifteen years ago worked well but this machine sucks big time. If you don't want to fork over a lot of bucks for a "real" espresso maker, try a Mr Coffee espresso machine. Mine, which I use when I travel, cost less than twenty dollars and does not leak...In the meantime I have ordered a Lello 45900 Ariete Espresso/Cappuccino Maker to replace the Krups. -I'll keep you postsed...Billy Bat.
1		Classic Style.	Fiestaware is timeless. Classic shape, classic colors, great quality. The finish is lead-free. The looks are from a bygone era but hold a charm that makes the transition to current styles. Great gift... can always be used. The only drawback I would say is the colors. Sometimes it is difficult to match colors to other brands of dishes you may already have.
0		not well engineered.	My rack came with pieces warped, one screw and most screw holes missing. Wood split as I was putting it together.  Used it once for drying pasta, then once for kindling. Hope you have better luck.
0		Can you hear me now?.	This phone would be great if it did not have the worst static come and go several times throughout a call. It never fails, when I need to make a really important call-- the static is so loud I can't hear at all. Every time we use it the static interrupts our conversation because we can't hear. And Target wouldn't take it back without the box--How long are we supposed to keep the box- reasonably!.
1		Great Deal.	This cover is very rich looking. The fabric is wonderful. I have a kitten that was pulling himself onto the bed and snagging it, but I just snipped the snags and you cannot tell. It is easy to wash and looks great on the bed.
0		Nice, but not very durrable.	When I received my set of Mini Springform pans I was very excited.  I couldn't wait to get started on some wonderful deserts.  And as expected the results were great.     Only after the first washing did the problems reveal themselves.  Not only did I notice rust on the release hinges, but the rims on the collars were warped.  At first I thought I could live with this, but a friend pointed out it could only get worse.     I am used to purchasing top quality kitchen equipment, but these definitely do not make the grade.  Admitedly the results of my first time use were great, but I just don't feel these pans will last.     I hate buying something and knowing I will have to replace it soon.  And that is exactly the way I felt with these pans.
1		I like 'em.	I knew going in that these were not "thick", but I am pleased with these sheets.  Would I buy them again? Yes, aslong as the price is as low as I got them for (under 20 bucks).
0		I AM EXTREMELY HAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT AFTER I RETURNED IT!!!!.	It spins on the counter and the juice always slips out of the cup! DO NOT buy this piece of junk!!!!! don't waste your money on this..
0		Wire Slicers Not Durable.	I bought one of these because I think that the idea of a slicer is good.  Supposed to work with soft cheese, eggs, mushrooms and other soft items...The first time I used it I decided to try it with mushrooms and on the third mushroom the cutting wires broke.  I would have returned it but for the price didn't think it was worth the trouble.  So I just tossed it.  Maybe mine was defective but I doubt it.
0		poor pour.	yes, it looks good in my blue kitchen. but the water doesn't pour cleanly out of the spout - it's more like uncontrollable spewing, even when "poured" slowly, and boiling water splashes all over the counter. also very difficult to fully empty. sorry I threw out the box, or I'd send back.
1		Best 2 quart pot in the world..	I got this to use with the Glorious ONE POT MEALS cookbook.  It has wonderful recipies, and the pot works wonderful.  Cleans up really easy.  Try it, you'll love it..Sharon From Colorad.
0		Dangerously fragile.	I bought these classes earlier today because they are attractive and inexpensive.  I placed them in the dishwasher to clean them all prior to use, and one was cracked and a small fragment of glass had broken away after the cycle was done.  I then checked Amazon's reviews, and found that this was a common experience.  They're going back to the store tomorrow..
1		An elegant way of serving.	Its a traditional serveware for serving the soup course The color of the tureen set allows it to be used with many of the dinnerwares  and amp; the size is adequate to serve at least 8-10 people.The under plate is something  not found with usual tureen sets which gives it an elegant look but it appears a little overpriced.
1		Nice little steamer!.	This may sound odd, but this is the first steamer that I have ever had. So needless to say, I do not have others to compare it to. However,I find that I use it more than I thought I would! The unfolded steamer fits perfectly in the pot that I most use for vegies and the like, and when I pull out the sides (the steaming tray) it fits nicely up the sides of the pot. Besides your basic steamed vegies, I find that it's perfect for warming up leftovers like rice, leaving it hot and fluffy. I like that the handle extends, so you can keep the cover on it while cooking, but you can extend the handle for easier lifting. And you can't beat the price.
1		Wow!  This stuff is good!.	I had never tried yogurt cheese before, but I was intrigued by the idea.  Making the yogurt cheese was simple with this device - just fill with yogurt and leave it in the fridge.  The product seems sturdy and was easy to clean.  We grow our own raspberries, and I have been eating them with ice cream.  Last night I tried eating them with non-fat yogurt cheese sweetened with a bit of sugar.  It was delicious and much healthier!  Yogurt cheese is a good source of calcium and protein - half a cup has 85 calories, 10 grams protein, 10 grams carbohydrate, and 235 mg calcium. It would be great for layering with fruit in parfaits.
1		I can't believe I didn't buy it sooner.	This pot rocks.  You'll fall in love with it the first time you cook with it.  It browns well, cleans easily, and goes from the stove to the oven to the table in style. ..My only complaint is that mine arrived slightly chipped, but the chips don't seem to affect its performance, so I didn't send it back.
1		super easy sharpening.	3 swipes and your knife is sharp on both sides of the edge. The sharpener folds up neatly into a little case the size of a man's wallet and is easy to store. The Handy House ships immediately..I got my package within 3 days. I love the knife sharpener, and love the service I received. Thank.
0		George Forman GR36CB.	This is our second George F grill.  The first one burned out after about 5 years.  We liked but could not get the same size so we got this one.  It was bigger than we wanted but we had no other choices.  WHAT A MISTAKE!!!!  After less than one year and not heavy use the connector to the thermostat (spade conn.) just fell apart.  Being the handy man that I am, I fixed it.  Today (9/6/2005) it burned out again.  This grill is a fire hazard and should be recalled.  It is a piece of junk.  We will replace it with a different brand.  Thanks for nothing George.
0		Works great!  Fails quickly..	This grinder grinds well but failed after just 2 months of operation.  Don't buy it unless you want to waste your money.
0		Grater Broke.	I bought this set and was very pleased until the grater just snapped at the handle. This implies that there is a support problem with the manufacturers design.
0		very unhappy.	After getting the teakettle in January, I had to stop using it by June.  The kettle was leaking water all over the kitchen counter and at time it would not turn off by itself.  Delongi sent me a new kettle to replace the one that was broke  but it was a model only worth $80.00.  When I ask about the $50.00 difference in price of the two teakettles I was told they covered their warranty and I'm out of the $50.00. I won't be buying anymore of Delongi products!.
1		Best $20 spent.	Best 20$ I've ever spent. It does have some flaws as stated previously in other reviews, the knobs are hard to read but I've found that I use it so much that I really don't need to be able to see it anymore. The thermometer seems stable, I never have a problem with it getting too hot in the winter, and it manages to heat my efficiency apartment very well. The cord is 'regular' length so it's not tiny and I don't need an extension cord. Over all on a students budget I've definitely found a winner.
0		The dies are too fragile.	Less than one month after puchasing this pasta machine all of the pasta dies have broken.  The ring nuts cannot hold the dies in place and they break.  Maybe it is because I was making semolina pasta, but that should not be the case.  This machine has caused me way too much stress at dinner time.    Knowing what I know now I would buy fresh pasta at the store.
0		Waste of money.	I have gone through 2 of these now and both ceramic inserts have cracked in the same place!  Cuisinart customer service is not interested in replacing the inserts even though I have only used it 2 times before they cracked and were unusable.  I had to send the pot back for replacement and the replacement had the same trouble.  ..My cheap Rival crockpot that I had for years before I purchased this one never had problems or I would think that this was operator error.  I was really looking forward to using this because I love all my other Cuisinart products but I am going today to purchase a nice, inexpensive, reliable Rival crockpot..
0		poorly balanced.	These tools, although fun looking, are poorly balanced and fall over if they don't have enough room to rest on the counter.  The handles are a little awkward in size and the bowls of the spoons slightly too deep.  I like their look, but I don't like the design of them.
0		Get a real grinder.	The blade broke after 14 months of use.  And to take advantage of the warranty, I learned that I was required to send THEM a check for $4.00 for processing costs, not to mention the cost that I would incurr to ship it to them.  It was an adequate grinder at best, so I'm definitely not going to bother returning it (I assume that this is Cuisinart's reason for having such a lame warranty in the first place).  I wonder if the rest of their product line is like this.  Until now, I thought Cuisinart was a name you could trust.  I'm very disappointed.
0		Don't buy this.	I got this with my food saver.   It cracked in just a few uses.   I'm not pleased with Jardian either.   I was injured and can't talk when I tried to turn in a complaint by Email.   They said I needed to get a friend or family member to call them on the phone in order to get help.   What ever happened to equal access for the handicapped?    Maybe we handicapped should take our business elsewhere.
0		This Dutch Oven Really Stinks.	I've had my share of dutch ovens in my time, and I have to say that this is the foulest one yet.  I thought I smelled a good deal when I got it, but boy was I mistaken.
0		NOT HAPPY.	I would have to say that amazon gave me a good deal and  immediate delivery...Unfortunatly i had to return this item .  I havent been satisfied because the heating element heats up on the top rather than where it has to heat up. After ironing I  could still see a lot of creases. They dont mention about the base being a wood plank either. .I have used a Simplicity machine earlier and hence i know the quality of steam press but this machine is a waste of time and money. I would rather buy a normal iron to this or pay extra and buy a better one. But this is just my opinion.
0		Beware, outer shell, may melt!!!!.	I recently purchased this product.  The first time I used it, I thought it worked great.  I made a pot of chili and let it cook until we were ready to eat it that night.  The second time I used it, things were not as good.  The outer shell where the controls are were literally melting.  I had programmed this to cook for 10 hours while I went to work.  I came home that night and the hours had not changed. I realized I didn't click the on/off button to start heating the cooker.  This may have saved a house fire.  I went ahead and changed the time from 10 to 4 hours.  This set the unit to high instead of the original low setting.  Not 15 minutes after turning on, the outer covering was melting.  I immediately shut it off.  I see the 4 quart units were recalled back in 2004 for similar issues.  Whatever their problem, it has not been fixed.  Be aware of this serious problem when using your slow cooker.  I am returning mine and will exchange for a different brand.
1		Get This Ladle.	This All-Clad ladle is a beauty you'll wonder how you ever did without. Before I bought this, my drawers held only gravy/sauce ladles. You know, those short little things that'll fall down inside your pot and your soup. Buy one of these and suffer that fate no more! Now that I own this, I truly enjoy preparing big pots of stew or soup. You'll feel like a real chef when you dish up portions to your family or friends..
0		dont waste your money.	I have had this for 2years now and what a waste of money it has been. I have used this a few of times before I decided to toss them.  This set was a disaster.  The parer is dull period and the peeler peels off much more than just the skin, you lose almost 20%(no exaggeration) of the fruit or the vegetable.
1		Throw away your old brush!.	Fantastic, works perfectly, easy to clean, much more sanitary than a n old fashioned bristle brush.  Also gentler on the pastries or breads.
0		Don't use with batteries!.	The design for using the DC adapter with LED Booklight is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed the warning that tells you to remove the batteries before using the DC adapter. But, it must not have been very big. I combined the two and ended up with batteries that leaked all over inside the battery case. These were brand new batteries. There does not seem to be anything protecting the batteries from the DC adapter and so the power goes right into them. This is bad. Modern devices are expected to work with either battery or adapter without having to remove the batteries...I had assumed that I could leave the batteries in so that when I was at home I could use the adapter, but traveling I would use the batteries.  Don't make this mistake.
1		A very satisfactory purchase.	The Senseo delivers a good, hot cup of coffee in either single or double mode. It's easy to fill, easy to use, easy to clean, and accepts any suitably shaped coffee pod. The only mild annoyance is the rattly cup tray during the brew-pump operation.
1		Kicks butt at picking up dog fur...	Heads and tails above my 8 year old Hoover wind-tunnel bagged unit. Never did understand the 8 bucks for 3 bags. Hoover should have given the vacuum away due to always having to replace bags every week (adds up to big bucks quickly)...The Dyson kicks butt... Three times the dirt is picked up every week when compared to Hoover bag replacement size of dirt removed...Wish the Dyson had self propelled system... The house keeper wouldn't be so tired after 3 hours ;o) Handy hose and a really well thought out system. ..Hands down the best unit I've ever owned. Time will tell if it holds up like the hoover unit did. Won't miss the belt replacements (2) or the bag cost on the Hoover...Would I buy another? If it holds up like my Hoover did... You bet... Like I stated before: Kicks butt at picking up dog fur-!.
0		Worst Iron Ever.	I have had this iron for awhile now.  The big problem is that gunk builds up on the soleplate that is almost impossible to get off. Except when you iron white shirts, when it seems to rub off of the collar and seams, permanently staining and thus ruining your shirts.  Avoid this iron at all costs.
0		Refurbished Product is Garbage.	I cannot recommend purchase of the refurbished Roomba Discovery 4210. While I think the product did a good job on BARE floors (not carpet), now after only 4 months of light use (we only used in the kitchen/den area of our home), the unit is trashed. The refurb warranty is only 90 days and that's apparently all the machine is good for. I purchased a new APS fast charger in an attempt to rule that problem out, but it did nothing. This seems to be typical of this vacuum since the Roomba rep I talked to told me that if the charger failed the Roomba was "probably trashed". She was right. If you want  to try this machine stick with the new one, at least you'll get a one year warranty. But I recommend staying away altogether.
0		Where the X#@% and ^* is the gasket?.	Look, the product plainly reads "Oster Blender Blade with Gasket" and the package that was delivered is titled "Processing Unit with Sealing Ring".  The blade was in the package but there was no sealing ring/gasket to be found.  I'm sure there is the possibility that I got the one defective package off the line but what kind of quality assurance is that?!  I'm not telling anyone to buy or not buy this product but just be aware that you may have a problem.  I now need to buy a whole separate gasket which maybe costs all of $1.50 and will pay shipping of probably $3..
1		This is my second set of Pyrex Custard Cups ....	... and I don't even make Custard! *LOL*  I just love these for small servings of ice cream, fruit, side dishes, etc.  They are great with meals for anything that you don't want to mix with the other foods on your plate.  They are perfect for snacks and desserts.  They are great for things such as pickles, olives, chopped onions, relish, dips, etc. on a casual buffet or picnic table.  They also work well for pre-portioning ingredients when making a complicated recipe or allowing younger kids to cook with you.  The typical Pyrex glass which is thick and a bit heavy is perfect for my family because it holds up to less than gentle everyday use.  I still want my children to learn to be careful with china and glassware, but I see no reason to be too 'precious' about everday dishware.
1		Braun Coffee Maker.	We have had braun coffee pots for several years and have been happy with the coffee maker. Unfortunately, the two coffee makers that we had ordered from Amazon had a persistent leaking problem unlike the exact same models that we have had in the past.
1		Great Gifts.	I love the Rapid Ice Wine Coolers.  I give them for token gifts and use them frequently myself.  They are great for a spure of the moment glass of wine that needs chilling.
0		Buyer beware!.	When I first bought this pan I was replacing a pan from a moderately priced set from Costco.  That pan lasted about 3 years and I got my money's worth...The positive review from America's Test Kitchen is what pointed me in this direction.  The Farberware pan was a joy to use when I first bought it and I loved the even heat.  All of the positive comments are accurate at first...The problem is it only lasted 3 months before it lost it's nonstick properties almost completely.  I never used spray on oil or subjected it to high heat.  I was always very meticilous about the way I cleaned it and never touched the surface with anything but plastic.  I even bought a special soft plastic cleaning brush so as to be very delicate with the surface...I have been using nonstick skillets since they first came out many years ago.  With the exception of one ultra cheapo model I have NEVER had a nonstick that had its nonstick go bad so quickly.  Of course I can send this back to Farberware but it seems clear that if it has lost it's nonstick properties they only have to say it was my fault.  Why waste $10 in shipping costs?  This is my last Farberware product...After writing this first part of the review I thought it would only be fair to email Farberware to let them respond.  After doing some googling I have found that there is no email.  It is also basically impossible to get someone on the phone.  They sold their warranty service to a different company, All American Lighting in Berwick, PA.  As it turns out this company gets terrible feedback for their service.  If this isn't really Farberware what exactly is their incentive to provide good service?  You can check on consumeraffairs dot com and other places and you'll get an eyeful.  BUYER BEWARE.
0		Less than impressed.	The first Dolce item I purchased was the wine tower and I have been very happy with that piece.  However, the coffee table and end tables all arrived with cracks.  The coffee table was not glued together properly and was misaligned.  Not pleased at all and way too costly to ship back.
1		the best value I have seen.	I have used every major brand of cutlery and I can tell you there is no better value than analon knives. I have been cooking and managing restuarants for over 30 years and I have found that the $100 knives are no better than thr $25 ones. The analon product looks and feels just as nice as the most expnesive brands out there and is one third the price. Try them you will love them. I might add that all knives have to be reground from time to time as the edge will become blunt and no sharpener will restore it. When this happens find a local grinding service and have them restored. A good knife can last you a lifetime if you take care of it happy chopping Mik.
1		My Guilty Pleasure!.	I am so in love with my new machine.  Many thanks to all the reviewers who made my long search for the perfect espresso machine become a reality.  I received my machine really quickly and that's saying something for someone who loves immediate gratification.  Speaking of gratification, I could not be happier with my choice of an automatic espresso machine.  All the reviews are true. It's perfect, once you read the instructions or perhaps do as I did, get a walk-thru from the wonderful folks at DeLonghi customer support, you will be up and running in no time.  You can see that the machine is solidly constructed and with proper care (read the instructions) will last a very long time.  The espressos I've made so far are supreme, even my 14 year old loved a weak one I made for him; and it's so easy after set-up to use.  It could not be any simpler.  Who would not love this machine?  There was one website that was charging $1200 for the same machine.  I could not believe my eyes.  The only review that troubled me was the one who said the frother was somehow not adequate due to it not swinging far enough away from the machine.  I really could not see what he was talking about.  It has plenty of room for any size cup but you have to remember if you are into the foam (it makes very creamy foam) it will increase the volume 2-3 times so you need a large enough container to froth the milk.  But there was no awkwardness or problem at all with using the frother.  They had me worried when I read that but the frother does its thing with total ease.  Even a caveman could do it.  You stick it in the milk and turn the switch and, voila!, it's frothed and container size is only an issue if you are trying to froth in something too small and can't accomodate the foam it creates.  All in All, this is a top notch buy and a guilty pleasure for sure and nothing could be more gratifying then having merchandise that lives up to its promise.  This machine delivers, I love it and so will you.
0		Overpriced to say the least.	I strongly agree with the last reviewer- this unit is EXTREMELY OVERPRICED.  I also have a all-metal zinc alloy unit that included 2 extra worms, aluminum foilcutter, stainless steel bottle stopper and pourer and gift box for $25.  This one, at $150, still has a plastic body.
1		Great for Decorating.	I'm new to bakery decorating and the tips work great!  You can use them with pastry bags or even just regular plastic bags (if you cut open a corner for the tip).  It is easy to clean with the brush and it is great that it comes with it's own box for easy storage.  There are enough tips for simple decorating, still testing out all the different sizes and options.
1		Great Product.	We needed to replace a 30 year old Farberware frypan. This pan was better than we expected. We are so grateful for Amazon.com!!.
0		Mine broke after two uses..	Mine broke and started SMOKING while I was making hummus (not even something tougher like ice).  Kitchenaid won't fix it.  There are many MUCH cheaper but nicer ones on the market.
1		Good measuring cup.	After reading some of the reviews, I was somewhat reluctant to buy this product, but it went on sale at $3.99, and I decided to risk it...It measures up the the quality and function of most Oxo products.  The measurements on the side and inside are completely accurate, which is different from what some have described...I like the cup better than my pyrex ones for dry and cold liquid products, but being plastic, it cannot be used for hot products that contain grease or oil.  The handle is ergonomically designed and is easy to scoop flour, sugar, beans, or other bulk products...The only negative is that you have to have another measuring cup for hot, greasy products.
0		Not what I expected.	The item was not what I expected.  The description said metal but it should have said "Tin".
0		Not a quality product.	This thermometer is very cheaply made. It feels flimsy and the magnets on the back won't hold it secure on a metal surface.
0		How can a coffee maker be this bad?.	When I received this coffee maker, it worked long enough for me to run water through it to clean it out, then then heating element stopped working.  It took numerous calls to Braun, then of course I had to pack it up and ship it off.  Several weeks later it was returned to me and once again, it worked one time.  Again, it took several phone calls and I had to pack it up and send it off again.  I received a new unit that does indeed heat up, but has several other problems.  The drip shut-off mechanism stopped working after a couple weeks, the permanent filter allows grounds to get into the coffee, and if one uses a paper filter, it tends to overflow the filter basket.  This is the worst coffee maker I've ever owned.
1		Keeps hot water hot!.	So far this has been a great product. I've had it for about a year and a half and have used it almost every day to hold boiling water for making tea.  So far it has held up great.  This carafe keeps the water near boiling for at least 5 hours. When I leave the water in it for 24 hours, the water is still warm enough for me to make tea with it...  I have never used this item to store anything else other than water; but in theory, you should be able to make tea or coffe the night before and still have it hot in the morning 6 to 8 hours later, assuming the liquid is boiling when you pour it in...  Some of the heat from the water is lost from the initial contact with the carafe, so the liquid you store will always be a little cooler than its intial temperature..
0		snooze you lose.	Took what I thought would be a nice set of sheets to my place in Costa Rica and have slept in wrinkles ever since. Hard to maintain, color is not vivid and am overall disappointed with this 600 thread count sheet set..
0		Reliability is the Issue.	Unfortunately, I've ordered more than my share of FoodSaver products, having bought into the philosophy of vacuum storage,  despite reading ample warnings from discontented consumers...What many of them claim is very much to the point: plastic containers frequently develop cracks and loss of vacuum.  I've had many of their marinators and storage canisters prove defective after less than 10 uses.  It seems to be related to the material properties and container size characteristics.  The smaller containers seem to last longer. Those with thick walls relative to the specified volume or reinforcing structures seem to last just a bit longer...In plain language, the plastic containers are unreliable.  FoodSaver should develop materials and designs that can handle the stress of the vacuum cycling placed on them, or quit the the business.  Since their products have been on the market for many years, I can only assume they are more interested in recruiting new customers than satisfying existing customers. If you like filling out warranty forms every few weeks, more power to you...Bottle sealers are equally worthless.  Every one that I bought lost vacuum in short order.  In one case, a defective seal resulted in a spill of cooking oil that damaged a nylon tent and other camping gear...FoodSaver has done a good job with certain items in their product line.  The vacuum unit is well designed and performs reliably, as long as the instuctions are followed.  The bagging system is unassailable, even though the cost of the bags and rolls is quite high (read Consumer Reports reviews).  And, to be fair, their Universal lids are excellent.  Use them to seal  small glass jars or stainless steel bowls, and there is no loss of vacuum due to cracked plastic...Bottom line?  Be careful which products you buy.  Some are excellent, while others are pure junk..
1		High quality!.	I immediately noticed the quality of this wok as soon as I took it out of the box. Very nice looking. Very easy to cook in. It's big and has large sides so it is very easy to stir the stir fry around without spilling it. The non stick surface works beautifully. Reattaching the wok to the base after cleaning is fairly easy although the wok never seems to lock 100% correctly into place without a little hassle. I'm not sure it really matters if it's not perfectly 100% aligned into the base anyway. Nevertheless, that's only a minor gripe. This wok makes stir fry easy and fun and makes the food taste really good. The included spatula was a nice gesture, too. The instructions say the wok can do a lot of other things too, like slow cooking, but I only use it for stir fry.
1		great whisk.	pretty pink and for a verry* good cause..very sturdy..just pricey but as i said..its for a good caus.
0		Rust on knives.	Have been using the set for less than a month. Rust has started to form on the knives just where the blades are fused to the handles - right at the seams. Looks like rust starts from the inside of the handle. Unless design is changed, don't know how replacement knives will be any different. Too bad since knives are sharp and set is designed beautifully.
0		DeLonghi Service and Quality Stinks.	I bought a machine similar to this one late last year - it broke after about 30 cups.  The 'tap' for the steam jammed.  I'm still waiting for the repaired machine to be returned after 3 months - yes months, not weeks.  According to DeLonghi service it will be another month before it's repaired.  I have no faith this will happen, nor that it will work for any length of time after I receive it.  Their service people, while reasonably pleasant, don't help - they know virtually nothing and seem reluctant to go beyond just answering your questions.  If you're smart, you'll go buy a coffee machine from someone else.
0		Great ... as long as it worked.	I used this thermometer fewer than 10 times before it stopped working.  For the most part, it no longer registers any temperature, and when it does it reads 75-100 degrees too cool.  While it was working, I definitely preferred it to my analog candy thermometer because it was less bulky, but I certainly can't recommend it now.  ..The clip still works, though, and coupled with my wonderful Polder probe thermometer, I've got the best candy thermometer ever.
0		Leaks coffee while brewing 8 out of 10 times.	As another reviewer experienced, our Krups also leaks coffee all over the counter and subsequently the floor quite often, which is apparently related to having to have the carafe situated in just exactly the right place within a half a millimeter, and which place I have not yet discovered except occasionally by chance.  Carafe positioning appears to be the problem, because it doesn't leak every time.  Maybe my unit is defective, because other reviewers don't mention this, and believe me, you would notice this if it were occurring with yours. ..The opening to pour in water is relatively small, but I don't have a huge problem with it. Be aware there is no automatic shut off.  It makes a fine cup of coffee for this non-coffee-gourmet, and I don't have a problem with spilling when I pour from the carafe into a cup.  But the leaking is forcing me to find another machine.  ..I wish I could find a reasonably-priced, non-leaking 12-cup machine with removable water reservoir, no-drip carafe, programmable, auto shut-off, easy-to-find replacement carafe and removable filter basket but alas, even on amazon.com, that machine does not appear to exist.  My sister has such a machine (Mr. Coffee URX23), but that model has been discontinued..
0		No Longer Made In England.	I have purchased these plates from Amazon in the past and the earlier plates were made in England.  So, I ordered more to go along with my current set to find that now they are made in India and were not of the same quality as those made in England. I sent them back. I will say that had I not already had the more detailed  and  colorful items, I might have appreciated these of lesser quality more than I did..
0		Read carefully!!!.	This is very misleading. this item is only half of the package. after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it work. very disappointed in amazon for allowing this.
1		Lodge Logic Cornstick Pan.	Just used my pan last night and as always with Lodge Logic Pans they were awesome!  I highly recommend them.  =.
0		neat idea, pretty awful.	Roomba was given as a gift to me. Not only is it noisy, but it took 2 hours to do my small house with 3 rooms closed off to it (about 1000 sq ft). It takes me 15 minutes to swiffer the house. It missed a LOT of areas. Yuck.
0		Bubbles.	I bought one of your pans and I was so very careful with it only using plastic or wood  utensils. The pan has got big bubbles in it and the nonstick finish is pealing off. I rate this very poor.
1		Beautiful, durable, quaint, and practical.	This (Rose Fiestaware) sugar and creamer set is very beautiful - true to all of the fiestaware pieces.  This set goes very nicely with the large fiestaware teapot -- a wonderful gift for anyone and durable, pretty and cheerful to use for your own family. The availability was great and the speed of delivery was wonderful -- Amazon does an outstanding job as usual of customer service!  All of the Amazon staff are polite, helpful, and efficient..
0		poor quality for the companies reputation.	This sifter broke a month after I got it. It seems sturdy but it actually requires carefull handling. The sifting is somewhat slow but good (excercise!!!).
0		Keep Looking....	I have several other silicone spatulas, and this Kitchenaid scraper is, by far, the worst I've used.  Most silicone scrapers are soft and flexible, but this one is very stiff and rigid, so you cannot scrape containers out very well at all.  Honestly, it doesn't even appear to be made of silicone.  Cheap grocery store spatulas work much better than this one.  Very disappointing.
0		DISAPPOINTED!.	I LOVE THE COLORS AND THE HEAT RESISTANCE BUT FOUND THE WOODEN HANDLE ON ONE SPATULA ROUGH AND SPLINTERY.  ALSO THE SPATULA IS SHOWING NICKS ON THE EDGES OF THE SILICON....DON'T UNDERSTAND BECAUSE I DON'T USE IT ON ROUGH EDGED BOWLS OR PANS.
0		Worst product I ever bought.	Be careful to buy products from compact appliance. They will not be responsible if the product is defective from the manufacturer. There is no return. You better think more than twice before you buy from compact appliance. They have the worst customer service including the manufacturer Edgestar..I agreed completely with the previous customer review that it is hard to get in touch with Edgestar customer service, which has the worst product I ever bought..
0		Neither of mine worked for long!.	When I bought my first LitterMaid box, I thought it was a miracle -- no more scooping! Hooray! It worked so well for my four cats that a few months later, I bought a second one. Unfortunately, the second box quit working after just a couple of weeks (and I'd thrown the receipt away, so I couldn't get my money back). Soon after that, the original box quit working, too. So, within about 6 months, I spent close to $200 on electric boxes that no longer functioned...After researching better and more reliable options, I've settled on the Omega Paw box that you roll to clean. I now have three of them -- no electric parts to break, and, actually, less mess than the LitterMaid.
0		They just increased the price.	it's 54.99 in last week, I'll wait till the price drop bac.
0		Good Idea: Bad in Reality.	I jumped on purchasing this machine when I saw it. I was tired of storing beans in the freezer. I put 4 AA batteries in it and a pound of beans, closed the lid and the sucking sound started...and it kept going, and kept going, and kept going. I started looking for places to store it so that it wouldn't wake me up at night or disturb me with it's annoying hum first thing in the morning. But I didn't have to worry, but the next morning the batteries were dead. I replaced them and within 24 hours they were all dead again!  There is no place to plug it in so you're stuck with using batteries. I'm going to try buying rechargables but I don't know how long I'm going to want to keep this replacement going!!..P.S.  I found it interesting that after I post my negative review three 5 star reviews appear from people who have no review history and NONE of them address the battery issue. Sur La Table, is sending me a new unit but told me that they received an identical complaint about the battery life. Be wary.  I'll try to update you.
1		Does the job.	Very smooth operation. My complaint is that I have already spotted a bit of rust, but careful washing and drying should alleviate the problem.
1		Size does matter!.	These cup are enormous! (Not to mention beautiful, in that fun and elegant way that only Fiestaware can be.) I was looking for a very large, oversized mug because I drink a lot of coffee and tea and am sick of having to refill constantly. I definately got my wish. I have eaten soup and cereal out of these, I even used them to serve coffee ice cream recently. Very cute! I plan on getting them in all of the six colors I have in Fiestaware. Let me tell you again, this cup is HUGE.
1		Excellent product for whole grain bread and muffins.	If you like to bake this is a nice product to have in your arsenal of tools.  I bake whole grain muffins and breads every week and find this pan to be extremely useful.  ..The breads that I have made released easily after they had cooled.  I find it best to place this pan on a cooling rack for about an hour before removing the bread from the pans.  If you do this it releases completely.  If the bread is still warm when you try to remove it, it might not come out in one piece...I have found that it is best to put this pan on a half sheet pan prior to filling it with dough or batter.  If you try to carry it to the oven without a pan underneath it, it is not very steady...If you don't have other silicone bakeware you are unfamiliar with the nicest feature of this product.  You can squish it up in a ball to store it, and bounces back to its original shape when you need it...My only complaint about this pan is that the bread does not brown as well on the bottom as sides as it does in a metal pan.  But, being able to make 6 medium sized loaves at one time more than makes up for decrease in browning..
1		I'm The Baker.	I love to bake.  I really love to bake bread.  My specialty is sourdough.  So now I have 3 strikes against me, that is, until I found La Cloche.  ..Although it can be used to cook meats, I personally only use it for bread.  La Cloche turns your regular oven into a brick oven, and the quality of your bread will amaze you.  It browns beautifully, has a crispy, chewy crust that seems to carmelize the sugars in the crust differently.  There is no need to spray water or create steam in the oven, because the steam is created inside La Cloche by the bread itself.  So actually bread making is more simple and safe because you are not spraying water into a 500 degree oven. ..There are 2 shapes, a french bread style and round oven hearth style.  I have both and pop them into the oven at the same time, so I am baking 2 loaves of bread at once, which is a little more economical.   ..Truly, I wish I had this from the beginning of my baking attempts.  If you are a baker or love one, go ahead and spring for it.  You will never regret this kitchen tool.   All my other bread pans are now unused.
0		Stainless - NOT!.	These were sent instead of the black-handled set I ordered so I thought I would give them a try. They are listed as "dishwasher safe", but evidently are not. Brown stains (rust?) appeared on the tops of all the handles. I cleaned them with silver polish, but the stains reappeared with subsequent washings. I have returned them and received a refund.
0		Discovery !.	After many years of buying and discarding inferior knife sharpeners I have finally found one that sharpens even my dullest knives..
1		Great product, very happy.	Have had this for several weeks. Almost stopped using my stove. Being a bachelor, somewhere I forgot how much better food tastes broiled or on the spit. Have done whole chickens a couple of times, really moist and tender. This is easy to use, and it is a good looking unit. Cooking times are consistent. No problems so far. I have not found the fan to be noisy, perhaps that individual just has a bad unit. My folks sent me some of those big elastic bands to use when you are using the spit. Those work well too.
0		wouldn't buy again.	We have had this machine for about a year and it might have work right the first time we used it.  We now have to borrow a friends Hoover Steamvac when we need to clean the carpet.  We are getting ready to buy a different machine bcause this one would never work right.  It never has any suction power and it constantly sprays soap everywhere even if you have it only on the water selection.  I wouldn't buy.
1		Great Scoop[.	This ice cream scoop recieved a great review in a cooking magazine so I bought it and love it.
0		TFal deep fryer.	The size is nice for 2 people.  Cleaning is easy.  Seems to be a defect in that the unit has to sit just right on the base or it will not go on and off by itself.  You have to juggle it to be sure it is seated just right to get it to come back on after the oil is heated up and then you have to be real careful that it stays seated just right..
0		Yellow Battery Took over a Month to get to me!.	Amazon took over a month in shipping me this roomba battery. It works ok. Also the list price is too high on this Amazon site..
0		Item in image is not what you get!.	Buyer beware!  The item pictured is not what you will get!  It contains the same information, but it is formatted differently.  I asked for a replacement, asking for what is pictured and received the incorrect one again...What I received was smaller, about 5"x 3" whereas the image looks taller (about 4").  It was stainless steel as advertised.  The information was listed in a grid, similar to a spreadsheet.  Everything was written in CAPS which make it very hard to read (there is actually studies confirming this).  Based on the image on the website, the information is the same, but the image lays out the information so it is easier and faster to find what you are looking for...If the formatting is not an issue for you, then these are great.  I however have bad eye sight and the bigger and more spread out the text, the better!  Had I received what was pictured, I would have given it 5 stars...I suspect that what I received was the older model and amazon.com is simply getting rid of the older items first..
1		Good coffee maker.	I got this for Christmas over a year ago, and it still works great!  I use it most every morning.  The coffee quality isn't as good as my drip maker - no pod coffee maker can ever measure up to a drip maker - but it's very easy to brew just one cup and with no cleanup (except to remove the used pod!)...I agree with the other reviewer that the Juan Valdez coffee pods come in excessive packaging (individually wrapped pods inside a cardboard box), plus my grocery store doesn't carry them.  Any brand pod can be used with this coffee maker.  I use whatever's cheapest, usually the Senseo Douwe Egberts.  I buy either the dark roast or the vanilla flavored.  I prefer strong coffee, but even the dark roast pods aren't strong enough for me...I wish I had the black-colored machine because the white shows every single coffee stain.
0		DANGEROUS! DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL!.	i have a lot of experience with steamers over the years - mine as well as others used in stores. stupid me, then, for not realizing that you get what you pay for. my jiffy steamer finally died after nine years, but it served me well. it is a machine of substance, solid parts, very stable. trust me - you don't want to scrimp when it comes to working with a device designed to produce streams of hot steam! i foolishly tried to save some money by getting the conair gs10rh, and i'm returning it immediately. the well into which the telescoping pole sits is just about 1 inch deep - not deep enough to keep the pole stable. the brackets to hold the telescoped parts extended aren't firm - any heavy jacket will make them slide. the housing itself is amazingly lightweight; i thought that was a good thing, but now i know why the jiffy steamer's housing seems like it weighs a ton - you really do want the unit to be solidly anchored. handling a steamer is a serious matter. don't take on unnecessary risk by getting an inexpensive, poorly designed, lightweight steamer like the conair. spend the extra money for the product that has been the standard bearer for years: jiffy. you won't regret it. and even though mine died after nine years, i have no regrets, and now i'll do the right thing and get another.
0		Cracked Base.	After a couple of years of casual use, my bowl also cracked in the freezer. Fortunately I had it wrapped in a plastic bag so the mess was kept to a minimum. Now I'm in the market for one with a higher quality bowl..
0		I loved it until it broke after 3 months of use.	The fan was great, with lots of breeze and circulation. It is loud, but who cared? .The problem is that it only lasted for about 3 months before it just quit working, along with a little puff of smoke. Two weeks before the fatal puff, the fan arced, popped, sparked, and gave off a puff of smoke, but it still worked. Two weeks after that it sparked and puffed and has not turned on since..I live in Hawaii and it is currently in the rainy season. There has been a lot of humidity in the air during the last month, and I noticed that the back of the fan was actually getting rusty. I thought perhaps that moisture was the cause of the sparking so I was surprised to read in another review that the fan was good to use during heat and humidity!.The fan was sitting in front of the living room window and it kept the whole small 2 bedroom house cool. We miss it, but I can't keep buying a new fan every 3 months! .This is the first time ever that this has happened with a fan that I purchased. I have been living in Hawaii for 13 years and have been through a lot of fans. One of the best-lasting fans I had was a $10.00 Lasko box fan. It lasted and worked well for 7 years before it quit working.
0		Useless..!.	I bought this blender to make pie pastry, and I was thoroughly disappointed. The wires don't cut because they just widen and the pieces of butter slip through..I spent a lot of muscle to obtain a very poor result. The handle is nice but it just doesn't get the job done.
1		Pre-seasoned is a plus, but not necessary.  Fabulous Oven!.	This Dutch Oven is a workhorse in my kitchen.  I purchased it pre-seasoned because I've never had a factory-seasoned piece of cast iron cookware.  Bottom line:  While the pre-seasoning was a plus, it's not necessary.  Just follow the seasoning instructions that come with all the Lodge cookware, and you'll be fine...My family has had cast iron for generations, and I won't pay the exhorbitant prices for those "upscale, professional" dutch ovens that are all the rage these days.  This Lodge oven browns spectacularly, and while the dark interior may not show the developing fond as well as a lighter one, that's not a problem if one simply uses one's nose.  We can all tell when enough is enough...   ..I particularly like the spikes on the lid of this oven which aren't present on the more expensive ones.  These spikes allow condensation to fall back only my roasts while they cook and I don't have to worry about a dry product.  The lid on this oven also fits the 12-inch skillet which I own, and that's a plus.  It conducts heat well and when I use it camping as an oven, breads and biscuits come out as well as at home.  ..Yes, it's heavy, but that's the nature of cast iron, no??  If you want something lighter that comes close to the quality of this Lodge piece, be prepared to shell out big bucks.
0		pb soy yogurts.	I miss soy yogurts !!! I've been used to make soy yogurts in France. I've bought this yogurt maker. I've tried several times to make some but it never worked. I've followed the recipe using plain soy milk and one plain yogurt. Has anyone got a recipe for me ? I'm allergic to lactose....Thank you.
1		Fantastic.	Great blender! I use it daily to make smoothies and it never fails. Powerful motor purees frozen fruits great!! Simple--only two speeds. Easy clean-up.
1		Better Butter Dish.	Fiestaware ROCKS.  A few years back, I started my Fiestaware collection. The butter dish, in turquoise, was a recent addition.  I like the vibrant colors available which allow for a cheerful, eclectic mix or a more coordinated theme. It is of the highest quality and very durable in the oven as well.  I am going to put glass doors on my cabinets to showcase my Fiestaware because not only is it practical and beautiful, they are individual pieces of art!.
1		good filter for the price.	I could definitely tell a difference in the taste of my water, and hopefully that means it's chlorine free, but I haven't had it tested. However, it must be doing its job because the filter itself only lasts about a month! I think that its life span just depends on how bad your water is. It works better that my old Brita filter, which I could tell wasn't working because my water still smelled like chlorine with that one. That being said, I would buy the PUR pitcher over again if given the choice.
1		FS Regular Sealer.	Does what it is supposed to.  But go to Yahoo FoodSaver Group for lots of hints on how to make it work as well as it can.
0		poor color transfer on cups.	I expected the dishes to be more substantial. The plates are very light and thin, more like melamine in feel. The colors on the dinner plates and bowls are like in the pictures seen on the internet so they are what I expected. Very disappointed with the cups- I bought two sets, and only 1 of the 8 cups had ALMOST the same color intensity as the dinner plates-the others were so faded (kinda like when your color cartridge in your computer is outta ink) they looked like, either rejects,or they had gone through a heavy load dishwash 100 time.
1		More than one.	I have two of these Warmers and use them for much more than butter - especially around the holidays.  They are heavy duty, which you don't see by the pciture, and are also great for melting chocolate, cheese, scalding milk, and much more.  If you need a smaller pan for cooking project, I stongly recommend this one!.
0		Works great, at first....	I have had this product for about 2 years.  When we first got it, it worked great--lasted about 10 min. at a time.  Now, we're lucky to get the floor cleaned up under the table before it starts to wear down.  Also, the clip which holds it to the base just broke, and I see that I am not the first person to experience this problem.  I don't see anywhere to buy a replacement base, at this time, so I may end up just throwing the whole thing away.
1		Great pan...affordable price.	Its the perfect size pan and easy to clean. I've cooked Thai stayle Chicken Satay sticks and salmon on it and it makes those awesome grill lines. I love using this pan...its so much easier  and  faster than using then firing up the outdoor grill..
1		FANTASTIC!.	We looked in all the local brick and mortar stores for a quality holder with no luck...Even though we were skeptical ordering online, this product far exceeded our expectations...Do not hesitate, it is well worth the asking price.
1		Stick with the basics.	This is a premier baking sheet at a fraction of the cost.  Made of commercial grade materials, it delivers quality nearly every time.   I have made many different foods on these sheets, including fish sticks, cookies, meats and roasted potatoes.  It works great with everyone, and there is no transfer ever.  Browning is even and consistent, and I personally haven't yet had one warp at high temps and I have 4 of them.  ..They are a standard size, and could be too big for some small ovens.  I ran into this when I needed to visit a friend's home and do baking, and they didn't fit into her wall oven.  Not really Chicago Metallic's fault, just something to watch out for.
0		A very good external design, but it does not last very long.	This citrus juicer has a very good external design. The problem is that 30W is not enough power for doing the job well: normal orange presure stops de motor! The transmission of the power is done by cheap plasic parts, so they broke easily. These parts broke after a dozen of uses in my case, so I do not recommend this machine..
1		Wonderful set.	I love having these Pyrex cups in varying sizes.  The large ones are great for mixing and pouring batter, like pancakes.  The smaller one let's you measure once, to get 1 1/2 or 2 cups of liquid.
1		Got to have more!!.	This bakeware is absolutley the best I have ever had.  It doesn't stick, rust, or burn.  Super easy to keep clean, just toss in the dishwasher.  I you are a baker you must have this, you will be amazed.
1		Worked for sometime.	This is my first oil sprayer so I can't say this is better than that or whatsoever. I bought it after reading the reviews here. It was working great for few days and I'm not sure how it happened but I saw a tiny hole on the plastic lid and obviously it couldn't hold the pressure anymore. I purchased it from target.com so I'm not sure about the return policy. I'll have to find out. But other than that it was grea.
1		A great little press!.	I purchased this press to supplement a larger 8-cup model.   The press allows just under one standard size mug to be filled.  If you also are looking for a mug's worth of coffee, I would recommend purchasing the 4-cup model as that would leave just a bit more room, and keep more of the small grindings in the press, rather than in the bottom of my cup.  .Also, it should be noted that Bodum sells the spare parts for this press (right here on Amazon, in fact), so if you should break it, a few dollars will get you back in Java!  .Another note, some people have mentioned that dumping the grindings proves problematic as you can't just put them down the drain (plugs up your trap).  I have found an easy solution in using the plastic and wire mesh grind basket of my last automatic coffee maker as a strainer.  I just pour the bit of water and grinds out of the press and into the basket (which I leave in the sink), and allow the water to run off.  Then I pour shake the dry coffee into the trash.  No fuss, and the basket is dishwasher safe for the occasional cleaning.
1		I love these.	These are excellent!  Instead of reaching for a paper towel, I grab one of these (choosing a size that completely covers the top of the item I am microwaving), and then wash it when finished.  I did notice that the smooth side should be on top to prevent it from curling up when it gets hot.  I really like the fact that you can see through it since I couldn't see through paper towels.
1		The joy of ironing?.	After reading a recommendation from Consumer Reports I was excited to see this iron for less that the suggested price.  In two days it arrived and I am very pleased with this iron.  Although it is a bit heavier than my old one, the results were great.  No tax?  No shipping?  No parking --- the best way to shop.
1		Ultimate use.	Let's face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated.  Nice furniture and practical book shelves.  But you do not live alone; there is probably a canine or feline lurking around.  It may seem novel to buy a bowl with a picture of Garfield on it or some cutesy saying.  But in the long run this durable, multi use, dishwasher safe, bowl will look much better and your companion will not have to look embarrassed every time he/she wants a few laps of water..
1		No trouble getting the top off.	I have used this jigger several times a week since I got it back in November, and I think it's great.  I often make a second round with it.  It is difficult to remove the top with the jigger on, but otherwise it comes off fine as long as you open it up right after you make and pour a round of drinks.
0		Exquisite product -as long as you don't intend to use it..	This stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials like real metal (not silvery plastic), and sporting a sophisticated, drop-dead gorgeous retro appeal.  It looks equally as impressive in the hippest New York loft kitchens as it does on the shelves of Williams-Sonoma. ..However, as is the case when function follows form, this is a horrible blender.  Don't get me wrong - I'm more than willing to forgive a modicum of piss-poor functionality if the design is attractive enough to render the former irrelevant.  But quite frankly, this blender is beyond bad...Most unfortunate is the blender's propensity to splash everywhere - even when the user deliberately reinforces the lid onto the jar by hand.  It seems to make little difference how much or what type of liquid one is mixing; it inevitably overflows with explosive fervor.  I suspect that the unit's quasi-industrial motor may be a contributing factor; it only supports two speeds: off, and jet-cyclonic.  While I admit that the minimalist toggle switch is profoundly chic in its own right, the consequences of omitting ramp-up speeds are overbearing, consistently messy, predictably inconvenient, and potentially dangerous (as liquid tends to flow liberally into the motor housing).  The irregular cloverleaf shaped jar also seems to play a role in splattering liquids upward; and the blender's poorly-sealed lid does little to stop it from overflowing in dramatic fashion.  In fact, this blender splashes so profusely that it's nearly unusable...It's too bad, because superficially, this blender really is quite the objet d'art.  But when it comes to meeting the minimum requirements for acceptable performance, it has a long way to go - even in comparison to a $29 Oster.  ..If I had to summarize this blender as accurately, succinctly, and fairly as possible, I'd distill it down to one word - "regrettable.".
0		Misleading Advertising.	I bought this product because the box says "no more ice chunks." There is even an "icebreaker" setting.  I wanted a way to make slushies.  However, the manual says you are to use the "icy drink" setting when crushing ice.  I am not sure if or when a person is supposed to use the "icebreaker" setting!.  Also, the whole ice crushing process requires many steps and more than a blender.  First, you have to pour water in before you can crush the ice.  Once you press the "icy drink" setting, you pour out the excess water into a collander..  Even after all that, there are chunks in the ice. No slushie for me!.  I gave this product just 1 star because I hate misleading advertising.  I will now have to take time out of my crammed schedule to return this product.
1		Rowenta DZ 9080.	This iron is a technological marvel.  I have just had it for a few days and I have ironed some very difficult, over 100 year, heirloom open-embroidered linen.  It was a breeze and the results were truly professional.  The controlls are easy to use, the steam settings excellent.  It just glides over those diffucult spots.  It may be a little pricey, but it is worth every penny...This is an ideal tool for anyone who sews on home fabrics.  The upright steam feature is a plus.   I was concerned about the weight, but the iron glides so effortlesly that you do not notice the weight..
0		This does not hold its edge.	I have had the knife for a month, and now it is simply not sharp.  The knife does NOT hold it's edge, and I have used it only on soft vegetables a few times...Acceptable at $19, but hardly high quality.
0		Beautiful But Dangerous: Buy For Display Use Only.	The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous.  The handle is much too small for this size mug.  If you can get your finger through the small hole, your finger will soon be as scarlet as the Fiestaware.  The first and only time my family used these mugs, two of us burned ourselves.  ..Fiestaware really screwed up on this one, a shame given the beauty of the Scarlet Fiestaware.
1		Great beer mugs!.	These are great beer mugs! I ordered 4 sets of them for myself and 2 for my brother. The first thing I noticed when I received them was that they were thick and HEAVY. The bottom isn't completely solid, but has space for a small pocket of air when it's sitting on the counter. It's inconsequential though, because the glass in these mugs is as thick as you would want any of your thick glass beer mugs. When I saw how nice they were, I actually went back online and bought 2 more and their margarita set which was also rediculously cheap ($15 for 6 glasses and a picher). I've been recomending these mugs to all my friends that drink.
0		this item is missing.	I have tried to purchase this item since May 2006. Without explanation, after my order was processed and I was given a date of delivery the order was cancelled and I received a notice that the  board was not available..How strange is that? .If you call the company they tell you the item is availble through Amazon..Would really like to understand what has happened..I feel somewhat less unhappy since I read a review of this very pricey item saying it was not worth the cost..
0		Bagels yes, Bread, NO.	If you prefer having bread that is toasted on both sides look elsewhere for a toaster. Even when it is not on the bagel "setting" it does not do any more than barely warm one side of bread..In addition if you are looking for a blue toaster (how I wound up with this one despite the warnings about its inefficiency) don't buy this one--it looks nothing like the picture on the internet. It is purple, so not only does it perform poorly it looks terrible in my blue/gray kitchen..I expected more from a KitchenAid product and if I could return a used toaster (albeit only 3 times) I certainly would..
1		Your lodge will outlive you.	The effectiveness of this dutch oven lies in its design which served chuck wagons a century ago and campers today!  Cast Iron is ALWAYS a good value for the money and it's indestructable (I'm still using my mother's Lodge skillet that she got for a wedding gift in 1954). This dutch oven, designed specifically for the camp or fireplace cook, goes from the fire to the table with ease. It stews and bakes beautifully - get a dutch oven cookbook and learn how to make campfire biscuits as well as those stews and chilis! Also makes a fabulous wedding, shower, or housewarming gift. Forget expensive wedding registries - buy the bride a lodge dutch oven and skillet. She'll hand them down to the next generation. Every camper can use this and so can every backyard griller. Highly recommend!.
1		A brief comment.	This baster is big enough to accomplish most tasks, and it even makes a great costume accessory on Halloween. Except that when I used it as part of my Halloween party costume along with a doctor's lab coat and stethoscope, all the women blushed and left the room. Oh well, maybe next time I'll come as a proctologist.
1		Excellent product and excellent product support.	We now have two of these units. They are quieter than other HEPA air filtration units we have had, do a better job of cleaning the air, and have excellent product support..
1		Handy kitchen item.	These are thin, lightweight, flexible mats that are great for chopping things on and then picking up and folding up the edges to pour the food into a pot/pan. This thinness/flexibility has a "downside" too: I do agree with the other reviewers that these mats tend to curl up and not lay flat.  However,they clean up easily, the price is right, and I am happy with my purchase..
0		Fooled Me Once, Shame on You. Fooled Me Twice, Shame on Me.	That's right.  I got taken twice.  I bought this cooker for under $20 a few years ago, and it died after the second use.  Considering it was so inexpensive, I just bought another one.  It died again after only one use.  I wish I would have read the reviews beforehand because it seems to be a common problem.  I guess Salton just recycle their returns so they can afford to pay George Foreman the $90 million they owe him for endorsements.
0		Universal Lids.	I have the large one tried to use it on coffee.... can't get it to work. Love the rest of the products.
0		Big and Leaky.	This is a neat idea ruined by shoddy manufacturing. First of all, this coffemaker is a lot bigger than most regular ones, especially the height. I can't fill this one without pulling it all the way out to the front of the counter. This takes up a lot of room for small kitchens or crowded countertops. The whole thing is also made out of plastic with a very cheap look and feel as soon as you take it out of the box. In just about 3 months of daily use, I've already had water or coffee leak out of the dispenser four times. Between the constant waste of space and having to watch out for leaks, I'd rather go back to pouring my own cups. The only reason I haven't thrown it out is because my wife bought it and I don't want to hurt her feelings.
0		I bought the Z845 a few months ago and I think it's junk..	If I could give this thing a negative number, I would. I just threw away 2 large bags of brown sugar because, after I had thrown away the bags the sugar came in, I could not get the Z845 to work. What a mess! I had brown sugar all over that part of my kitchen...On a couple of occasions the sealer has worked without creating a vacuum. This time it appeared to be trying unsuccessfully to pull all the air out of the bag, but the bag never sealed...I have watched the video several times and have read and re-read the instructions. At first I thought I was not operating it correctly, but now I believe the Foodsaver is the problem. The first time I used it, to seal a quantity of chicken for the freezer, it worked beautifully. It hasn't worked right since then...Another problem is that it wastes an amazing amount of plastic material. Is it possible this thing was invented for the purpose of selling refills, rather than to work as a sealer.
0		Very low quality steel.	I liked the look of these pots. I bought several 2 and 3qt pots mainly for boiling water for pasta, potatoes etc. The stainless steel used is very poor quality...After just over a month all of them have rust spots on the bottoms and where the handles meet the pot. After the first use I noticed small discolored spots on the inside bottoms, not your typical discoloration from heat, and they would not polish out with bar keepers friend. These spots are now where I see rust forming after each use. These are definitly no where near the quality of my all-clad and calphalon stainless steel cookware, but then again neither is the price...All said I wouldn't buy them again. Even cheap stainless steel pots and pans shouldn't rust with normal use. Even the free Cuisinart Santoku Knife I received is rusting and I've only used it 3 times. I cannot stress how bad the steel is!..As far as cooking goes, they work great. The aluminum core bottoms conduct the heat well. They also have a great look aside from the rusting.
1		Excellent Pan!.	I use Calphalon commercial hard anodized and wanted to try out stainless steel.  This pan seemed the ideal way to do it, given the price and the manufacturing pedigree (All-Clad).  The first time I used it I fried ham and scrambled eggs in it using less than 2 Tbsp of butter.  Very little stuck to it, and clean up was about as easy as a non-stick pan.  Use a Dobie pad as recommended and you'll have no problems.  I won't trade my Calphalon for stainless, but having said that, it looks great, heats evenly, and cooks like a champ.  Well worth the $20.  Give it a try and leave the Wear-Ever non-stick behind.
1		Hands down this beats other manufactors.	Perhaps like you, I love silicone.  You can do anything with silicone.  You can fry, poach, make soups, and there is never a worry about heat.  Le Crueset makes fine quality silicone utensils, but their wood is unfinished, so unless you keep them oiled, they will age and spilter.  These you can remove the top if you like but the wooden handles are treated, and are water resistant.  ..In addition to these being made for the long hall, their shape is unique.  I like that the shape is slightly angled, this makes it easier to run along the edges of a bowl.  I  have been so happy with my purchase of these!  I can't say enough good things about them.  I would recommend these over other manufactors, they are better made, and improve in others weaker areas.  A must have for your kitchen.
0		You cannot make pancakes or eggs on this pan....	Contrary to the description above, this is NOT a non-stick pan.  I tried making eggs and pancakes on the pan.  Everything stuck to the bottom.  I used bacon grease on the pan before I made the eggs.  They stuck.  I used butter on the pan before I made the pancakes.  They stuck...I could not get the pancakes off the bottom of the pan without destroying them...This might be a good pan for searing and the cleanup that comes with it, but it is definitely NOT a pan to make breakfast or any other meal that requires a non-stick pan...My 12-year-old T-Fal with a worn surface outperformed this pan making pancakes.  I am definitely returning it.
0		Great coffee but too easy to break.	I was given this coffee maker for a birthday gift a couple of years ago and after I figured out how to make it work, loved it. After a while the latch on the top broke off and I had to hold the top down while it was grinding the coffee. That made the timer on it useless unless you propped something against it to hold the top down. It was a little inconvenient but I got use to it. Then the metal filter broke and I decided to get a new one. Luckily I put the old one in the garage for "spare parts" because not long after I started using the new one the side tab broke off and I had to grab a replacement off the old one. I will probably not purchase this brand again.
1		Easy-clean finish.	I have the four piece set of these silicone utensils, and have been very pleased with them.  They are heat resistant, heavy-duty, and look sharp.   They are slightly flexible, but I have not found this to be a problem unless you want to do heavy scraping with the turner.   The best part is the wonderful easy-clean properties of the silicone.   My other heat-resistant utensils always look icky and need to be scrubbed with a scouring pad to clean the textured finish.   These look great right out of the dishwasher!   I've had them for a year and they've held up great.   The turner has not disintegrated on the edge, either, like many other types do.  The smooth finish allows food to slip right off without sticking as you're cooking.
0		hard to turn.	I realize I'm in the minority here, but I do not find this can opener comfortable to use.  The crank does have a "good grip", but I'm not trying to grip it, I'm trying to turn it.   I do this by putting my right thumb under the near end and pushing up, with my index finger on the far end pushing down.  The knob's shape (relatively short, fat in the middle and tapering to rounded ends) makes this cumbersome and tiring.  It does open cans cleanly most of the time, but If i'm opening a large can or several cans, I reach for my old basic Swingaway (which sells, incidentally, for less than half the price of this OXO).
1		Mrs..	Great thing to own and very useful for cooking small quantity of foods. I use it a lot.
0		Bad Tea.	This is not a very good hot tea brewer.  The tea doesn't steep hardly at all and there is no difference between the strength settings.  The water is also not heated to boiling.  It is really just a glorified coffee maker.  You would be better off purchasing a more traditional teapot for far less money.
0		KitchenAid Coffee Maker.	I, too, own several KitchenAid products and have been delighted with previous products. When I needed a new coffee maker, I decided to switch brands to KitchenAid based on prior history with the company...HOWEVER, this is the WORST coffee maker I've ever owned, including cheaper models.  I'm now on my second coffee pot after KitchenAid sent me a new one when the one I ordered failed.  While the company has been more than understanding, I hesitate to call again because I don't even want another one.  Getting my money back shouldn't lie with the hands of the seller I purchased it from...Here's the problem.  After a week of use, the water and grounds kept spilling over and coffee was not draining into the pot, saturating the electric plate and my kitchen floor. When I could get it just right (standing there holding the carafe in place), the coffee tasted burnt. ..I thought I had a defective product, but the new one is starting to do the same thing. The carafe does not stay in place and slides forward when placed on the electric plate (until there is enough coffee dispensed. The coffee carafe is supposed to push (when it's in the right place) on the plastic piece that releases the coffee.  It's a design problem.  It's definitely cheaply made. I have to stand next to my coffee maker as it's brewing to make sure the coffee is dripping. ..Believe me, I wouldn't have bothered writing this if I didn't think it might save someone else the headaches. Buy something else! It's not worth the hassle..
0		Very poor quality.	The spoon handle is crooked and there are marks/damage to the wood. Avoid.
1		Hot  Water on Demand.	Great Product for a good price.  All sent as ordered.
0		Nonstick Coating Flakes Off.	I REALLY loved this baking sheet when I first got it, so I was supremely disappointed when the nonstick coating began flaking off, essentially rendering it unusable. I may have gotten a bad batch or something. The product has a lifetime warantee and I do intend to send it back in, but wanted to let folks know about my experience.
0		Cake always stick.	I own this pan and the Bavarian and Chrysanthemum models too.  I think Nordicware makes very innovative designs which makes their flaw even more disappointing.  After a few uses, everytime I bake with these pans the cake always stick.  I grease AND flour these pans before baking and the cake still sticks.  One reviewer said to LIBERALLY grease these pans, but I don't understand why there's so much work for greasing a "non-stick" pan.  I had less worries when using a regular tin pan with no "non-stick".
0		Disappointing.	The convenience tempted me to try this for $20 at my local grocery. Poorly executed  and  constructed, the pods were too expensive  and  bland. Will be donating this to charity.
1		Zelco Brisk Brew.	I only use the Brisk Brew for heating water while on vacation....I'm a tea drinker.  My Ex husband got custody of the first one we bought, so the search was on.  When I couldn't find it in the stores I went on line.  As soon as I saw the exact same I ordered it.  It works great, and travels light!.
0		Green slime in Brita pitcher.	I have been using a Brita pitcher for years but with the last two boxes of filters, a green slime grew in the pitcher after less than a month of use. I've heard the Brita faucet filter attachments are   worse. I'm looking for another product..
0		Cleaning nightmare.	A normal coffee maker requires a quick rinse; this machine requires a wash, rinse and a thorough drying of the grinding unit.  You can't just rinse the grinding unit because the fine coffee grounds need to be washed out...If it wasn't for the fact that we spent nearly $100 for this unit, I would throw it away...SAVE YOUR MONEY - DON'T BUY IT.
0		Dislike button pause and pour.	I am not a fan of the pause and pour feature. IT is a button and if the pot is not directly under button the coffe over flows. On two occasions the machine stopped dripping coffee in the pot, casing grounds to overflow the filter. I can only assume the pot was not perfectly placed. I searched for a red coffee maker at a resonable price but could find none without this type of pause and pour. I may have to remove button for 100% satisfaction. But I love the red accents in my kitchen.
1		FiestaWare brings color to life.	This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our wedding gift white Corelle with festive FiestaWare. How lovely to open the cabinets and see color!!! We've mixed colors and have an eight piece display of color. FiestaWare is not only beautiful, but durable.  And it can be put in the dishwasher, microwave, oven and freezer!!! It may cost a bit more than some of the trendy stuff available, but it's adaptability to all uses makes it a fabulous value!!! If you are at all tempted by it --- BUY IT!!!! You will LOVE it! Put some color in your life.
0		Farberware 8-Inch Glass Lid.	did not fit the pot I needed it for.  too much money for shipping on small item to justify sending back..
0		Leaky Mess.	The coffee maker was working fine as long as I was using the presto Mypods with no filter in them.. ..Then, I tried using some pods in the regular pod holder. Coffee all over the counter every time.. I suspect that using the pods created back pressure that ruptured something internally. ..Based on the fact then when used as intended it fails miserably, I would have to say that it is an example of shoddy engineering.. Junk, Garbage, Crud..BTW - If yours is working, I found that the secret to decent tasting coffee was to wash the pod holder (the presto mypod) with soap and water every time and throw the pod holders in the dishwasher once in a while. ..I guess they let some three year olds design the thing on a 'take your kids to work' day..
1		Excellent design and very pleasant colors!!.	I have seen this set at my friends place ....its.gorgeous!! A bid pricy though compared to other corelle sets.
1		Oh come on!!!.	Jeez, everyone, yea, they cost a buck each, ok, a buck! but they can be reused, how often do you go to the dollar store and spend a buck on a  totally usless piece of something that breaks as soon as you bring it home, hmmm? or you buy a pack of paper plates and they are gone in a couple of weeks?? Well, at least these are serving a purpose, and are reusable....I don't have to scoop anymore, and I have 2 cats, I change it maybe every 3rd day, and it's not a chore, takes less than a minute, less time than scooping and smelling it as it sits there,  and speaking of, I do not smell their poop at all till it's changed. so I'm happy and I think it's more than worth it!.
1		Quite pleased..	I love this mug.  ..Pros:..-The 20 oz. size makes it perfect for a college student sitting down to write a paper or read a book - or for that matter, anyone who will be seated for the next hour and needs some comfort while doing it...-The vibrant red is warming, comforting, and beautiful.  ..-This mug is not to heavy to comfortably hold, full of liquid, with one hand...-It insulates well so that fingers aren't overheated while holding it....Cons:..-This is not related to the mug itself, but the shipping costs are monstrous.  Buy at least two if you buy one - I wish I had.  It comes in a rather oversized box.
1		Perfect for singles or couples.	This is a great little machine for college students and people with apartments.  Though I wouldn't recomend it for a family (get a bigger version), it was perfect for me and it's quick and easy.  A great buy and very much exceeded my expectations.  I love it.
1		Better than more expensive designer brands.	I bought these in a few colors (at a higher price) about a month ago. They were purchased to replace some designer catalog towels that I mistakenly thought would be of better quality. Well the designer towels shed about 1/2 their heft in my drier...So here I came to Amazon looking for a better alternative...I ordered 3 sets of these and am impressed with their drying ability and their feel. The towels are nice and thick and absorbent (like a towel should be, right?). The package of six include two sets -- making this an even better deal...I just went back and bought another three sets for use over the holidays with out of town guests. You won't be  sorry with these. I am tossing my old towels and using these sets almost exclusively.
